
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010467                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10467314658                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538242691203                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 413548                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   523780                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 268154                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67608196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 39034.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16142738777                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20445612533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       173312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       171264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       407936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       169472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       411776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       412800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       243456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       142336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       243328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       139648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       173184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       142080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       253696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       412416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       171776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       353152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4094080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1161984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1161984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         3225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1091                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2759                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 31985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9078                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9078                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       427999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     16557446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       427999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     16361790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       440228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     38972364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       476913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     16190590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       440228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39339221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       440228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     39437049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       354628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     23258687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       464685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13598139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       366856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23246459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       427999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13341340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       464685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     16545218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       440228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13573682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       415770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     24236971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       440228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     39400363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       464685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     16410704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       427999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33738548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               391129925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       427999                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       427999                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       440228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       476913                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       440228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       440228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       354628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       464685                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       366856                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       427999                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       464685                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       440228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       415770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       440228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       464685                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       427999                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6921355                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         111010707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              111010707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         111010707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       427999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     16557446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       427999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     16361790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       440228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     38972364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       476913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     16190590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       440228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39339221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       440228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     39437049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       354628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     23258687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       464685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13598139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       366856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23246459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       427999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13341340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       464685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     16545218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       440228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13573682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       415770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     24236971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       440228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     39400363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       464685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     16410704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       427999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33738548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              502140632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25101475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2069816                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693892                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204366                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       867905                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814230                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214104                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9261                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19951076                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11567016                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2069816                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1028334                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2414959                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        557765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       458006                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1222062                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204379                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23174806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20759847     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112664      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         178495      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         241455      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         249428      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         210457      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         119067      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         175640      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1127753      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23174806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082458                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460810                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19749500                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       661582                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2410493                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2723                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       350503                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340098                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14196903                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       350503                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19803681                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        133785                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       404199                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2359804                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       122829                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14191436                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        16427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        53670                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19802919                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66015111                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66015111                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153382                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2649513                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3568                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1879                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          370889                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1331826                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       719055                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8400                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       212183                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14174639                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3579                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13460176                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1964                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1573872                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3760399                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          180                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23174806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17447267     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2382317     10.28%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1199656      5.18%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       878959      3.79%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       696222      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284284      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179976      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93494      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12631      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23174806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2493     11.05%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8244     36.56%     47.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11814     52.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11320468     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200170      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221374      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716477      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13460176                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.536230                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22551                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001675                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50119668                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15752151                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13253113                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13482727                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27752                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217274                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10004                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       350503                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        106578                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12019                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14178246                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1597                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1331826                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       719055                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1881                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10168                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118651                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114730                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233381                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13269813                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147748                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190358                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1864167                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885225                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716419                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528647                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13253227                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13253113                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7608176                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20507167                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527981                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371001                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305288                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1872945                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3399                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206696                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22824303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17749000     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2528517     11.08%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943516      4.13%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       449279      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396929      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218382      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180600      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85964      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272116      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22824303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823600                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114549                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774540                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086900                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       272116                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36730355                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28707000                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                304358                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1926669                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305288                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.510147                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.510147                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.398383                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.398383                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59726990                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18462433                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13156937                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25101475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2068758                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692651                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204427                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       870297                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814580                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213834                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9301                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19958980                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11559291                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2068758                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1028414                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2413676                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        556705                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       455666                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1222402                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204527                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23177969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20764293     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         112365      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         178685      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         242263      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         248734      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         210490      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         117537      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         176811      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1126791      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23177969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082416                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460502                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19758349                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       658344                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2409125                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2762                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       349384                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       340309                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14187832                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       349384                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19811993                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        134787                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       400795                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2358986                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       122019                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14182579                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        16544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        53222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19791198                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     65973015                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     65973015                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17157579                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2633608                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3480                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1789                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          368254                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1330961                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       719138                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8545                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       219686                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14164953                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3490                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13458673                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1959                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1560641                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3722552                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           92                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23177969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17442838     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2390296     10.31%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1203062      5.19%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       879069      3.79%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       692989      2.99%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283859      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179908      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93237      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12711      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23177969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2517     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8253     36.54%     47.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11814     52.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11319025     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200040      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221249      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716672      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13458673                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.536171                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22584                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001678                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50119858                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15729144                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13251633                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13481257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26489                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216128                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9918                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       349384                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        107174                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12072                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14168469                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1677                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1330961                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       719138                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1793                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10197                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119083                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114214                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       233297                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13268398                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147868                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190275                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1864475                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1885726                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           716607                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.528590                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13251762                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13251633                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7607928                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20501011                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.527922                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371100                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10002433                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12308316                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1860143                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       206752                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22828585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17747063     77.74%     77.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2533872     11.10%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       942909      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450082      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       399783      1.75%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218672      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       178530      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86684      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       270990      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22828585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10002433                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12308316                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1824044                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1114824                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1774981                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11089638                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       253505                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       270990                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           36725989                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          28686327                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                304454                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1923506                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10002433                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12308316                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10002433                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.509537                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.509537                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.398480                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.398480                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       59718223                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18460119                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13149385                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25101475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1955233                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1763767                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       105080                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       729144                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         696851                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107747                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4581                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20722883                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12302998                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1955233                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       804598                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2431529                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        329222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       474741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1191740                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105450                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23850732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21419203     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          86213      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         177985      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          73922      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         402803      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         359126      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          69884      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         146607      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1114989      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23850732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077893                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.490130                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20605522                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       593636                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2422346                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         7893                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       221330                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       171927                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          249                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14427074                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1530                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       221330                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20627534                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        419596                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       106121                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2409562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        66582                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14418803                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        27521                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        24328                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          700                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     16942903                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     67910452                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     67910452                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     14997066                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        1945785                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1683                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          855                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          169396                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3397589                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1717409                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15558                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        83574                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14388306                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1689                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13826488                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7474                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1124229                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2701341                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23850732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18940320     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1468640      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1207086      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       521692      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       662181      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639822      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       364321      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28520      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18150      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23850732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35017     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272651     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7897      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8680225     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120905      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          828      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3311305     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1713225     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13826488                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.550824                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315565                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022823                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51826747                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15514578                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13706248                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14142053                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25277                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       134229                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          355                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11023                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1225                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       221330                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        383912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17801                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390014                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3397589                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1717409                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          855                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11996                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          355                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60310                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62529                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       122839                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13728186                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3300020                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98302                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            5013082                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1798142                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1713062                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.546908                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13706739                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13706248                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7406267                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        14600640                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.546034                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507256                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11127781                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13077146                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1314108                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1671                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       107137                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23629402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18888778     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1729453      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       811790      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       801566      3.39%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       218336      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       932982      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69930      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50955      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125612      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23629402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11127781                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13077146                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              4969738                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             3263356                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1726862                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11628970                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       126751                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       125612                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37895005                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          29003916                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                456299                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1250743                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11127781                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13077146                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11127781                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.255748                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.255748                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.443312                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.443312                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       67854803                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      15927866                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      17168074                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1668                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25101475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2068588                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692590                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204991                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       870666                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814938                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213709                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9273                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19959607                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11559839                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2068588                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1028647                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2414261                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        558103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       453434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1222824                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205041                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23177785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20763524     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         112649      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         178944      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         241983      1.04%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         249367      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         210042      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         118271      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         175853      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1127152      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23177785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082409                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.460524                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19758493                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       656537                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2409759                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2772                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       350219                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       340154                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14189144                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1544                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       350219                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19812546                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        134404                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       398673                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2359197                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       122741                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14183414                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        16571                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        53575                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19789939                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     65977669                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     65977669                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17147238                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2642690                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3552                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1864                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          370355                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1331463                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       718677                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8449                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       254448                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14166279                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3562                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13455630                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1955                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1568493                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3744349                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          164                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23177785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267487                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17417502     75.15%     75.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2422599     10.45%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1212675      5.23%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       866627      3.74%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688679      2.97%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283769      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179921      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93391      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12622      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23177785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2469     10.96%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8246     36.62%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11803     52.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11317174     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199919      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1686      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1220656      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716195      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13455630                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536049                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22518                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50113518                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15738392                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13248411                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13478148                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26815                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217246                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9848                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       350219                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        107023                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11988                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14169862                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1492                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1331463                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718677                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1865                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10099                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119062                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114727                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       233789                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13265233                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147107                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190397                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1863252                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1885056                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           716145                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.528464                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13248530                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13248411                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7604818                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20498534                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527794                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370993                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9996485                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12301070                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1868794                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       207314                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22827566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17726682     77.65%     77.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2554361     11.19%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       940312      4.12%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       449372      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       413524      1.81%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218967      0.96%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       169592      0.74%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86562      0.38%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268194      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22827566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9996485                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12301070                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1823046                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1114217                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1773957                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11083111                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       253365                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       268194                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           36729171                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          28689959                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                304820                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1923690                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9996485                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12301070                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9996485                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.511030                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.511030                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398243                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398243                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       59703680                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18455400                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13148803                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25101475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1954588                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1763366                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       105020                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       741854                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         696350                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107780                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4639                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20718725                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12299711                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1954588                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       804130                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2430442                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        329113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       477836                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1191468                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105353                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23848541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21418099     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          85997      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         177567      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          73852      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         402893      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         358938      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          69943      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         146669      0.62%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1114583      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23848541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077867                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.490000                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20601348                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       596747                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2421265                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         7885                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       221291                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       171721                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          248                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14422751                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1514                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       221291                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20623379                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        421575                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       107588                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2408554                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        66147                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14414315                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        27632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        24245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          283                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     16936562                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     67890243                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     67890243                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     14989011                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1947545                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1684                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          857                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          169199                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3397047                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1717006                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15528                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        82345                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14384408                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1691                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13822028                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7427                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1126842                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2704176                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23848541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18939891     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1468974      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1206295      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       520180      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       662017      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       640133      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       364291      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28635      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18125      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23848541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35017     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272446     86.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7892      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8676909     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120686      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          827      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3310770     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1712836     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13822028                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.550646                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315355                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022815                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51815379                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15513291                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13701591                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14137383                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24832                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       134230                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          351                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10977                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1225                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       221291                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        385504                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17946                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14386114                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3397047                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1717006                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          857                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12056                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          351                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60344                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62349                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       122693                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13723468                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3299186                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            5011869                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1797109                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1712683                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.546720                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13702099                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13701591                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7402952                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        14597011                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.545848                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507155                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11123075                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13071286                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1316017                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1671                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       107073                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23627250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18888893     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1728141      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       811450      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       801781      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       217883      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       933063      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69689      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50879      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125471      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23627250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11123075                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13071286                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              4968842                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             3262813                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1725992                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11623697                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       126622                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       125471                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           37889043                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          28995939                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                456017                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1252934                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11123075                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13071286                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11123075                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.256703                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.256703                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.443124                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.443124                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       67834492                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      15922411                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      17163791                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1668                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25101475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1955580                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1764213                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       105089                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       734317                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         695971                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107411                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4586                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20708002                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12303895                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1955580                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       803382                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2430800                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        330212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       479354                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1190999                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105424                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23840718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21409918     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          85742      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         177914      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          73579      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         402502      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         359258      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          69559      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         146769      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1115477      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23840718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077907                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.490166                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20589920                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       599032                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2421538                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         7907                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       222316                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       171880                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14427618                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1496                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       222316                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20612276                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        423744                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       106989                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2408519                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        66867                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14418819                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        27769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        24618                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          290                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     16943063                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     67905967                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     67905967                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     14984290                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        1958761                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1685                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          857                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          171657                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      3397539                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      1716930                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15624                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        83319                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387758                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1692                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13819695                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7358                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1132926                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2728205                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23840718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18933254     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1467198      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1207222      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       520734      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661714      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639579      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       364239      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28558      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18220      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23840718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34925     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272629     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7871      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8674946     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120778      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          827      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3310336     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1712808     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13819695                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.550553                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315425                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51802891                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15522735                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13699653                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14135120                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25111                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135026                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          360                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11084                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1225                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       222316                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        387399                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17992                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14389464                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          202                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3397539                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1716930                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          858                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12103                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          360                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60031                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62834                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       122865                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13721395                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3298956                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98300                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            5011603                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1797129                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          1712647                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.546637                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13700178                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13699653                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7401721                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        14591324                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.545771                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.507269                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11120373                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     13067934                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1322902                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1671                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       107148                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23618402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18881713     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1727435      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       810886      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       801572      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       217723      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       932890      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69972      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50851      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125360      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23618402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     11120373                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     13067934                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              4968356                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             3262510                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1725490                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11620708                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       126559                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       125360                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37883839                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          29004031                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                455879                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1260757                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          11120373                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            13067934                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     11120373                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.257251                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.257251                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.443017                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.443017                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       67822265                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      15919303                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      17167941                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1668                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25101475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1900416                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700507                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153060                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1287188                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1252499                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111275                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4612                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20163730                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10805278                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1900416                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1363774                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2408520                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        504211                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       296163                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1221069                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149887                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23218737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759693                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20810217     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         371383      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         182566      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         366531      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         113062      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         340705      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          52348      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          85100      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         896825      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23218737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075709                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.430464                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19928304                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       536540                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2403499                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2005                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       348388                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       175822                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         1936                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12054246                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         4571                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       348388                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19955252                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        320467                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       134619                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2378254                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        81750                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12035569                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9327                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        65145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     15738801                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     54495311                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     54495311                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     12713587                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3025205                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1574                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          799                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          178386                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2202537                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       344364                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3066                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        78282                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         11971715                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1579                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11193041                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7202                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2196394                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4522889                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23218737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18308143     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1533821      6.61%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1659728      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       957465      4.12%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       488366      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122356      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142644      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3451      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2763      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23218737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18319     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7533     23.51%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6183     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8757237     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85654      0.77%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          777      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2008314     17.94%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       341059      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11193041                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.445912                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45644056                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14169717                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10905541                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     11225076                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8381                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       455023                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8910                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       348388                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        215828                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10008                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11973306                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          872                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2202537                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344364                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          797                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4101                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          204                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103043                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58835                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       161878                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11052476                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1979999                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140565                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2321015                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1682135                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           341016                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.440312                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             10908420                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            10905541                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6605731                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        14264117                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.434458                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.463101                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8692357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      9759643                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2214135                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1566                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       151928                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22870349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19249702     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1413486      6.18%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916301      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286930      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482751      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92329      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58730      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53224      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       316896      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22870349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8692357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      9759643                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2082965                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1747511                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1499520                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         8521282                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       119430                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       316896                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           34527205                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          24296215                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                452965                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1882738                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8692357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             9759643                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8692357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.887764                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.887764                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.346289                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.346289                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       51418458                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      14180678                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12847811                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25101475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2272231                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1891880                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208572                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       893801                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831247                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244431                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9764                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19783722                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12464754                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2272231                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1075678                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2598227                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        580117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       667139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1230180                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199364                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23418754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20820527     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         159041      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         200819      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         320362      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         134359      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         172297      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         200792      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          92336      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1318221      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23418754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090522                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.496575                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19668151                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       794041                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2585912                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1254                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       369389                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       345572                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15233569                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1636                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       369389                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19688219                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         63450                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       675520                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2567113                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        55057                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15140301                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         8006                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        38270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     21147877                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     70405192                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     70405192                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17675769                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3472075                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3701                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1947                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          193856                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1417415                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       740504                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8244                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       168149                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14781277                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3712                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14175642                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14567                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1806119                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3678436                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          181                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23418754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17410976     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2741822     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1119457      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       627242      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       849763      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       262318      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       258588      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       137694      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10894      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23418754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         97990     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13107     10.59%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12677     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11942422     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193796      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1753      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1299695      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       737976      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14175642                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.564733                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            123774                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008731                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51908375                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16591185                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13804925                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14299416                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10448                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       268531                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           79                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10328                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       369389                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         48575                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6408                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14784994                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11364                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1417415                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       740504                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1948                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5623                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           79                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123591                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116451                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       240042                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13927775                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1278059                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       247863                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2015948                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1969531                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           737889                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.554859                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13804996                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13804925                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8269448                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        22215180                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.549965                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372243                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10283590                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12671909                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2113117                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3531                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       210122                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23049365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17684529     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2719217     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       987715      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       491410      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449522      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189254      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186989      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89092      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251637      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23049365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10283590                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12671909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1879058                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1148882                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1836736                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11408887                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       261682                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       251637                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37582689                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29939471                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                302576                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1682721                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10283590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12671909                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10283590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.440925                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.440925                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.409681                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.409681                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       62668563                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      19291006                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14089295                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3528                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25101475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1898562                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1698908                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153498                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1285702                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1251391                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111311                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4613                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20157473                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10796913                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1898562                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1362702                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2406642                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        505201                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       294901                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1220985                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       150346                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23209891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20803249     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         370942      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         181942      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         366008      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         113760      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         340438      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          52299      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          85298      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         895955      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23209891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.075635                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.430131                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19916524                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       540781                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2401627                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2020                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       348938                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       175645                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         1938                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12046852                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         4548                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       348938                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19944051                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        324201                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       133832                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2376152                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        82710                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12028299                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9303                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        66231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     15727571                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     54465095                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     54465095                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     12702288                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3025270                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1572                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          798                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          178534                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      2202888                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       343817                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3062                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        78015                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         11964491                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1576                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        11185366                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7300                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2197015                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4529196                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23209891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481922                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18302727     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1532929      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1657563      7.14%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       957539      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       488431      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122212      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142278      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3454      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2758      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23209891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18394     57.33%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7532     23.48%     80.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6158     19.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8751095     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85573      0.77%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          776      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2007383     17.95%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340539      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     11185366                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.445606                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32084                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45620007                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14163114                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10897702                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     11217450                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8637                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       456307                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8768                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       348938                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        216524                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10175                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11966075                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2202888                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       343817                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          795                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4061                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          210                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103283                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59083                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       162366                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11044905                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1979090                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2319588                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1680527                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           340498                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.440010                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             10900494                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            10897702                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6601361                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        14258485                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.434146                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.462978                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8685503                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      9751495                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2215069                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1563                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       152363                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22860953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19244897     84.18%     84.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1410643      6.17%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       915526      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286395      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482836      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91861      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58706      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52982      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317107      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22860953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8685503                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      9751495                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2081628                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1746579                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1498354                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         8514006                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       119293                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       317107                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           34510384                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          24282321                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                453203                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1891584                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8685503                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             9751495                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8685503                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.890043                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.890043                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.346016                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.346016                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       51384451                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      14170917                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12837919                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1562                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25101475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2271443                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1891774                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208740                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       897139                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831749                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244346                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9727                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19790122                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12461523                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2271443                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1076095                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2597544                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        579774                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       663143                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1230412                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199667                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23419957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20822413     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         158615      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         201953      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         320780      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         133447      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         171383      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         201152      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          91696      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1318518      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23419957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090490                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.496446                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19674948                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       789582                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2585247                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1300                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       368873                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       344847                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     15229173                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1641                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       368873                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19695140                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         63373                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       671011                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2566331                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        55223                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     15136176                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         8091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        38195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     21145650                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     70389413                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     70389413                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17683177                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3462473                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3704                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1949                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          195419                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1416717                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       740351                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8380                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       167917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14779135                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3716                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14177683                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14721                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1800043                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3660553                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          181                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23419957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17410642     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2743913     11.72%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1117796      4.77%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       628476      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       849666      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       262352      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       258371      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       137828      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10913      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23419957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98268     79.22%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13085     10.55%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12695     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11944138     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193717      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1754      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1300290      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       737784      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14177683                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.564815                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            124048                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008750                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51914092                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16582976                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13806836                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14301731                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10710                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       267357                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           84                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9870                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       368873                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         48458                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6305                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14782855                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11394                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1416717                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       740351                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1950                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5547                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           84                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124150                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116408                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       240558                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13929817                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1278537                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       247866                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2016226                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1969457                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           737689                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.554940                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13806913                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13806836                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8271204                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        22221466                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.550041                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372217                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10287914                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12677184                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2105721                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3535                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       210296                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23051084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370179                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17684459     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2719778     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       988778      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       491004      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449846      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189161      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186918      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88979      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       252161      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23051084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10287914                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12677184                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1879841                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1149360                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1764                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1837479                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11413659                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       261791                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       252161                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37581763                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29934694                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                302593                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1681518                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10287914                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12677184                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10287914                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.439899                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.439899                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.409853                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.409853                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       62680776                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      19296446                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14086139                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3532                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25101475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2068076                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692070                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204594                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       873555                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815683                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213691                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9301                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19957702                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11556177                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2068076                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1029374                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2413709                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        556573                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       454311                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1222545                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204773                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23175068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20761359     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         112363      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         179337      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         242151      1.04%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         248642      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         210318      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         118682      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         176526      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1125690      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23175068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082389                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.460378                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19756360                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       657552                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2409396                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2667                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       349088                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       340335                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14184444                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       349088                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19810051                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        133238                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       401490                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2359141                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       122055                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14179583                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        16368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        53340                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     19785539                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     65959107                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     65959107                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     17150087                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2635450                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3414                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1723                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          366977                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1330355                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       718873                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8392                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       247650                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14162043                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3423                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13453892                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1968                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1563212                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3731615                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23175068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17418965     75.16%     75.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2417957     10.43%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210250      5.22%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       869280      3.75%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689213      2.97%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284193      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179188      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93526      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12496      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23175068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2519     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8256     36.54%     47.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11819     52.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11315313     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199869      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1220587      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716436      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13453892                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.535980                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22594                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001679                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50107413                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15728736                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13247785                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13476486                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215997                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       349088                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        105775                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11935                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14165486                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1819                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1330355                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718873                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1727                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10070                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119464                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114243                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       233707                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13264271                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1146811                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189620                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1863191                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1885094                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           716380                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.528426                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13247906                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13247785                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7604107                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        20494516                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.527769                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371031                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9998128                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12303005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1862487                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       206926                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22825980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17728131     77.67%     77.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2550691     11.17%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       941157      4.12%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       449568      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       410934      1.80%     96.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       219213      0.96%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171131      0.75%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86531      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268624      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22825980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9998128                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12303005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1823300                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1114358                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1774195                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11084870                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       253394                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       268624                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           36722783                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          28680087                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                304473                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1926407                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9998128                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12303005                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9998128                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.510617                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.510617                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398308                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398308                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       59699718                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      18455078                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13145389                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3392                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25101475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2272258                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1892254                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208679                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       896392                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831068                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244410                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9736                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19785381                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12462819                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2272258                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1075478                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2597467                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        580066                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       666497                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1230236                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199578                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23418846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20821379     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         158954      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         201227      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         320434      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         133617      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         171669      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         201130      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          92064      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1318372      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23418846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090523                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.496497                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19669786                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       793324                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2585205                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1293                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       369231                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       345206                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          270                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     15230386                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1597                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       369231                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19689672                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         63736                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       674616                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2566580                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        55005                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     15138209                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         8006                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        38158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     21148905                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     70395681                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     70395681                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     17680561                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3468339                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3693                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1938                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          193525                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1416735                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       740158                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8382                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       168020                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14781053                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3705                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14177484                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14583                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1804492                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3670088                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          170                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23418846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17410307     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2742340     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1119423      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       627457      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       849942      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       262040      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       258330      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       138077      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10930      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23418846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98233     79.25%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13039     10.52%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12681     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11944211     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193801      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1754      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1300051      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       737667      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14177484                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.564807                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            123953                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008743                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51912350                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16589330                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13806350                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14301437                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10598                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       267549                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           81                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9777                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       369231                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         48815                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6345                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14784763                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10689                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1416735                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       740158                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1939                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5548                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           81                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123676                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116563                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       240239                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13929243                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1278176                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       248241                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2015743                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1969740                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           737567                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.554917                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13806440                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13806350                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8270674                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        22218209                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.550021                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372248                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10286432                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12675343                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2109476                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3535                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       210242                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23049615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17683537     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2719501     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       988608      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       491336      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449483      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189178      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       187009      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88962      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       252001      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23049615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10286432                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12675343                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1879564                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1149183                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1764                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1837214                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11412004                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       261754                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       252001                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           37582368                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          29938886                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                302637                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1682629                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10286432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12675343                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10286432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.440251                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.440251                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.409794                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.409794                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       62675790                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      19295786                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      14087075                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3532                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25101475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2040645                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1672961                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201821                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       832103                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         793529                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         209464                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9054                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19491373                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11612469                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2040645                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1002993                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2551779                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        577772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       642411                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1202889                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200374                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23058250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20506471     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         276297      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         318627      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         174904      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         201602      0.87%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         111083      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          75844      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         198227      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1195195      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23058250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081296                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.462621                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19328500                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       808670                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2530053                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        20470                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       370556                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       331354                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2131                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14177911                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        11172                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       370556                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19360552                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        252792                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       468125                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2519676                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        86540                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14167925                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        21200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        40929                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19685214                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     65976134                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     65976134                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     16742706                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2942478                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3719                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2085                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          235289                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1358171                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       738246                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19624                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       163761                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14143532                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3726                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13344574                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19301                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1813564                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4213882                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          440                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23058250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17438295     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2258263      9.79%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1214888      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       841580      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       735184      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       375722      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91656      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58783      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43879      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23058250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3413     11.53%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13109     44.28%     55.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13083     44.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11164331     83.66%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208704      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1631      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1237888      9.28%     94.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732020      5.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13344574                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.531625                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29605                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49796303                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15960955                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13115725                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13374179                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33206                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247769                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          100                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          135                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19326                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       370556                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        205012                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14119                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14147278                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6320                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1358171                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738246                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2085                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10011                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          135                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115656                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114564                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       230220                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13142479                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1160449                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202094                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1892199                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1837125                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           731750                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.523574                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13116012                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13115725                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7796116                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20425679                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522508                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381682                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9834531                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12065942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2081439                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3286                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       202864                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22687694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17758492     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2285702     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959065      4.23%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       574066      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398651      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       257083      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134821      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107545      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212269      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22687694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9834531                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12065942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1829322                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1110402                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1640                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1726722                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10878149                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       245525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       212269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           36622741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          28665354                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                301619                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2043225                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9834531                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12065942                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9834531                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.552382                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.552382                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.391791                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.391791                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       59286830                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18201037                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13229101                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3282                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25101475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1955331                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1763796                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       105621                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       733334                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         696141                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107745                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4592                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20710734                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12300800                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1955331                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       803886                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2430668                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        332023                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       476889                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1191601                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105921                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23842124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21411456     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          85957      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         177254      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          73967      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         403098      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         359061      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          69600      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         146885      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1114846      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23842124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077897                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.490043                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20593057                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       596173                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2421432                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         7873                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       223584                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       171966                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          249                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14425006                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1523                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       223584                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       20615376                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        420395                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       107603                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2408482                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        66677                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14416345                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        27625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        24433                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          444                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     16940627                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     67895102                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     67895102                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     14974802                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        1965808                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1733                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          906                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          170365                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3396155                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1715759                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15622                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        83509                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14385494                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1740                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13815747                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7627                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1138863                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2741699                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           72                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23842124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18935660     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1467449      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1206459      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       520568      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661899      2.78%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639365      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       364012      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28513      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18199      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23842124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34985     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272403     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7888      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8674277     62.79%     62.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120761      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          826      0.01%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3308519     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1711364     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13815747                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.550396                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315276                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022820                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51796521                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15526465                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13694371                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14131023                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24961                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136566                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           63                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          369                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11434                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1224                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       223584                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        384274                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18021                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14387254                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          151                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3396155                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1715759                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          907                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12099                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          369                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60504                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63007                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       123511                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13716619                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3296767                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99128                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            5007952                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1796329                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1711185                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.546447                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13694898                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13694371                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7398514                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        14589892                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.545560                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507099                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11112392                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     13058813                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1329812                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1668                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       107675                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23618540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18884314     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1727234      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       810822      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       800520      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       217776      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       931695      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69922      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50792      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125465      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23618540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11112392                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     13058813                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              4963903                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3259581                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1724407                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11612600                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       126526                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       125465                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37881661                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29000881                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                456214                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1259351                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11112392                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            13058813                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11112392                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.258872                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.258872                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.442699                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.442699                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       67794770                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      15914710                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      17160726                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1666                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25101475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2070568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693871                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204253                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       870337                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814865                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213895                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9338                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19956810                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11569541                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2070568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1028760                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2415701                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        556503                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       452605                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1222395                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204427                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23174741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20759040     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         112226      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         178800      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         242575      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         249274      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         211090      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         117763      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         175822      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1128151      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23174741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082488                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460911                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19755139                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       656207                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2411326                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2702                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       349362                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       340984                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14199946                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       349362                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19808990                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        133337                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       399593                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2360922                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       122532                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14195186                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        16523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        53507                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19808692                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     66029078                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     66029078                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17166346                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2642341                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3406                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1716                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          369079                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1331450                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       719437                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8463                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       212769                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14177221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3414                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13468478                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1958                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1564586                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3732049                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23174741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581171                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17442726     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2383130     10.28%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1202143      5.19%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       880654      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       696060      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283942      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179996      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93546      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12544      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23174741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2474     10.97%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8251     36.59%     47.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11824     52.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11327745     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200204      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1688      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221721      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717120      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13468478                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.536561                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22549                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50136204                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15745276                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13261550                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13491027                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27244                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216052                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           56                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9857                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       349362                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        105848                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11971                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14180654                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1916                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1331450                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       719437                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1718                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10114                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           56                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118393                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114754                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       233147                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13278156                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1148466                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1865512                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1887517                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           717046                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.528979                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13261682                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13261550                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7612660                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20516182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.528318                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371056                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10007535                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12314620                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1866031                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       206576                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22825379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17746346     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2530087     11.08%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943709      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450757      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396842      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218601      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180790      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86245      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272002      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22825379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10007535                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12314620                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1824975                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1115395                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1775902                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11095290                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       253628                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       272002                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           36733963                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          28710680                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                304327                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1926734                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10007535                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12314620                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10007535                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.508258                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.508258                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.398683                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.398683                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       59761793                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18473766                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13160672                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3392                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25101475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2038758                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1667836                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201517                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       837120                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         801312                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208768                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8971                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19772078                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11571745                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2038758                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1010080                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2424302                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        586844                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       357489                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1218118                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202886                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22934874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20510572     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         132260      0.58%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         207789      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         330072      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         136102      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         151509      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         162894      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         106003      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1197673      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22934874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081221                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460999                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19588580                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       542813                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2416412                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         6353                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       380712                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       333656                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          271                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14129413                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1593                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       380712                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19620397                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        171914                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       281925                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2391440                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        88482                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14119547                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         2595                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        24451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        33577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3820                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19603231                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     65679069                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     65679069                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     16686875                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2916348                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1989                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          268350                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1347471                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       722492                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21728                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       165922                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14096641                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3616                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13320942                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16791                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1820755                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4087858                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          361                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22934874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17320495     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2252150      9.82%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1230853      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       842502      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786183      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       224349      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176897      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59839      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41606      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22934874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3166     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9910     39.18%     51.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12216     48.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11159126     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210825      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1231267      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718111      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13320942                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530684                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25292                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001899                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49618841                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15921160                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13102385                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13346234                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39560                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246186                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22323                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          855                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       380712                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        119267                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14100286                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6130                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1347471                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722492                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1990                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9110                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116671                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115664                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       232335                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13127888                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1157311                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193054                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1875068                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1846107                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           717757                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522993                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13102618                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13102385                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7662047                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        20022062                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.521977                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382680                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9801846                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12014296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2086027                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3255                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       205487                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22554162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17675130     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2363600     10.48%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       921198      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       494247      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370741      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206645      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128617      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114204      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       279780      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22554162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9801846                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12014296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1801454                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1101285                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1724499                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10825813                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       244045                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       279780                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           36374640                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          28581395                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                321228                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2166601                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9801846                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12014296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9801846                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.560893                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.560893                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390489                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390489                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       59195376                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18165848                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13175168                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          31992                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32763.128254                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1531604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          64760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          23.650463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           222.632353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.134480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   575.743935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.169911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   571.723613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.889601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1387.683436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.341677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   559.734530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.135870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1408.223756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.728720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1414.812954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    20.626321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   780.400157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    25.824786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   489.404893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    18.008509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   789.896431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.954526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   484.918001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.145391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   577.273396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.467443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   481.037235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.610001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   888.652363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.365799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1406.411183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.926041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   571.072696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.766386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1202.676441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           988.188679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1009.864256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1386.308634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1011.419300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1380.493466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1356.705579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1409.341099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           827.869278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1420.199994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           836.916545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1001.866134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           820.603599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1177.437182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1376.254853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           994.231556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1583.035269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.017570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.017448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.042349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.017082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.042976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.043177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.023816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.014935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.024106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.014799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.017617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.014680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.027120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.042920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.017428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.036703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.030157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.030819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.042307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.030866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.042129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.041403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.043010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.025265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.043341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.025541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.030575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.025043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.035933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.042000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.030342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.048310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   55940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            17060                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 17060                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   191                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    56131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2714                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4872                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2733                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4857                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4840                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3613                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2631                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3605                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2653                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2693                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2633                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3662                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4832                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2715                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4362                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   56131                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 31981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  31985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1354                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1338                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3187                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1324                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3217                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3225                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1902                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1901                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1091                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1110                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1982                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3222                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1342                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2759                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 31985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5532908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    205399716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5661714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    202535037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5602559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    485566906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5864278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    199024834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5501005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    489393666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5492349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    491969449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4524988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    287583167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5740994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    170176208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4574938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    287554276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5383908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    166206474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5631146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    205083561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5407035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    169044329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5106207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    299808609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5433941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    490029228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5711463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    203094961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5259392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    419020056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4857919302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       162029                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       419868                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        581897                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5532908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    205399716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5661714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    202535037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5602559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    485566906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5864278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    199024834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5501005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    489393666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5492349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    492131478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4524988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    287583167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5740994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    170176208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4574938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    287554276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5383908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    166206474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5631146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    205083561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5407035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    169044329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5106207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    300228477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5433941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    490029228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5711463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    203094961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5259392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    419020056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4858501199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5532908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    205399716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5661714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    202535037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5602559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    485566906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5864278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    199024834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5501005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    489393666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5492349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    492131478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4524988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    287583167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5740994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    170176208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4574938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    287554276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5383908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    166206474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5631146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    205083561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5407035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    169044329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5106207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    300228477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5433941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    490029228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5711463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    203094961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5259392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    419020056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4858501199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               87921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17060                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             17060                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               195                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                88116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               88116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.336147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.921053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.331434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.395901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.327561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.398884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.400199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.345253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.298283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.292180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.335649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.297667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.400497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.332014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.388263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.363747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.020513                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.921053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.330207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.395458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.398439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.399876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.297088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.291400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.296554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.400050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.387446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.362987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.921053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.330207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.395458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.398439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.399876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.297088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.291400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.296554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.400050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.387446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.362987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158083.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151698.460857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161763.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151371.477578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155626.638889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152358.614998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150366.102564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150320.871601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152805.694444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152127.344109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152565.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152595.982940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156034.068966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151200.403260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151078.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153036.158273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152497.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151264.742767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153825.942857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152343.239230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148188.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151576.911308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150195.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152292.188288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150182.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151495.002021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150942.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152088.525140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150301.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151337.526826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150268.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151873.887640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151900.168913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       162029                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       139956                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145474.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158083.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151698.460857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161763.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151371.477578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155626.638889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152358.614998                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150366.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150320.871601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152805.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152127.344109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152565.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152598.907907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156034.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151200.403260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151078.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153036.158273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152497.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151264.742767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153825.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152343.239230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148188.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151576.911308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150195.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152292.188288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150182.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151477.536327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150942.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152088.525140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150301.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151337.526826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150268.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151873.887640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151899.365296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158083.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151698.460857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161763.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151371.477578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155626.638889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152358.614998                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150366.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150320.871601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152805.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152127.344109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152565.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152598.907907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156034.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151200.403260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151078.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153036.158273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152497.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151264.742767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153825.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152343.239230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148188.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151576.911308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150195.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152292.188288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150182.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151477.536327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150942.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152088.525140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150301.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151337.526826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150268.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151873.887640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151899.365296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9078                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9078                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            31981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             31985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            31985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3501318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    126580129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3633085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    124627304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3509097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    299999358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3599451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    121959737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3407773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    302141670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3396141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    304320750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2835320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    176785360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3526029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    105414248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2828071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    176784040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3350423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    102680307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3423014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    126289551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3311183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    104424854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3122790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    184531855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3335376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    302504543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3498880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    124970883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3221385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    258356188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2995870113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       103457                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       245309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       348766                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3501318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    126580129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3633085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    124627304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3509097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    299999358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3599451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    121959737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3407773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    302141670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3396141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    304424207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2835320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    176785360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3526029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    105414248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2828071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    176784040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3350423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    102680307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3423014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    126289551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3311183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    104424854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3122790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    184777164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3335376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    302504543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3498880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    124970883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3221385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    258356188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2996218879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3501318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    126580129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3633085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    124627304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3509097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    299999358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3599451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    121959737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3407773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    302141670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3396141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    304424207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2835320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    176785360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3526029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    105414248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2828071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    176784040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3350423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    102680307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3423014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    126289551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3311183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    104424854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3122790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    184777164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3335376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    302504543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3498880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    124970883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3221385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    258356188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2996218879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.336147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.921053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.331434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.395901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.327561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.398884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.400199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.345253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.298283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.292180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.335649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.297667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.400497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.332014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.388263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.363747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.921053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.330207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.395458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.398439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.399876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.297088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.291400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.296554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.400050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.387446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.362987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.921053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.330207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.395458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.398439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.399876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.297088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.291400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.296554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.400050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.387446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.362987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 100037.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93486.062777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 103802.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93144.472347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97474.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94132.211484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92293.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92114.604985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94660.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93920.320174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94337.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94392.292184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97769.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92947.087277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92790.236842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94796.985612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94269.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92995.286691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95726.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94115.771769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90079.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93340.392461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91977.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94076.445045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91846.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        93245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92649.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93887.195220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92075.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93122.863636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92039.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93641.242479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93676.561490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       103457                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 81769.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87191.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 100037.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93486.062777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 103802.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93144.472347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97474.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94132.211484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92293.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92114.604985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94660.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93920.320174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94337.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94395.102946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97769.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92947.087277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92790.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94796.985612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94269.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92995.286691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95726.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94115.771769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90079.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93340.392461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91977.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94076.445045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91846.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93227.630676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92649.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93887.195220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92075.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93122.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92039.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93641.242479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93675.750477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 100037.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93486.062777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 103802.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93144.472347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97474.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94132.211484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92293.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92114.604985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94660.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93920.320174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94337.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94395.102946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97769.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92947.087277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92790.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94796.985612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94269.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92995.286691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95726.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94115.771769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90079.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93340.392461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91977.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94076.445045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91846.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93227.630676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92649.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93887.195220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92075.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93122.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92039.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93641.242479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93675.750477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.545218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001230114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  512                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1955527.566406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    31.545218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.050553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1222018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1222018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8806125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8806125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8806125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8806125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8806125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8806125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 200139.204545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 200139.204545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 200139.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200139.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 200139.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200139.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7247458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7247458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7247458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7247458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7247458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7247458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 195877.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195877.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 195877.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195877.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 195877.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195877.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4043                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152642947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35506.617120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.916734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.083266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.862956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.137044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       839300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        12951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        12951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1526412000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1526412000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8280994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8280994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1534692994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1534692994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1534692994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1534692994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       852161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1557951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1557951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1557951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1557951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118685.327735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118685.327735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92011.044444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92011.044444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118499.960930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118499.960930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118499.960930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118499.960930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    401995512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    401995512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1176165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1176165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    403171677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    403171677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    403171677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    403171677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99800.276068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99800.276068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        78411                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78411                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99720.919367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99720.919367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99720.919367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99720.919367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              507.642758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1001230453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1951716.282651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    32.642758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.052312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1222357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1222357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1222357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1222357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1222357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9372130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9372130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9372130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9372130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9372130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9372130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1222402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1222402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1222402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 208269.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 208269.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 208269.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 208269.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 208269.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 208269.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7896897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7896897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7896897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7896897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7896897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7896897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 207813.078947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207813.078947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 207813.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207813.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 207813.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207813.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 4052                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              152644363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35432.767642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   220.937489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    35.062511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.863037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.136963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       840628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       705873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1772                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1772                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1546501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1546501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1546501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1546501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        13005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        13005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1522479531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1522479531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8040273                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8040273                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1530519804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1530519804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1530519804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1530519804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       853546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       705960                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705960                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1772                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1772                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1559506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1559506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1559506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1559506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117857.217139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117857.217139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92416.931034                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92416.931034                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117687.028374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117687.028374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117687.028374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117687.028374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8953                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8953                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    401035704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    401035704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1226826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1226826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    402262530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    402262530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    402262530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    402262530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99340.030716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99340.030716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 81788.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81788.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99275.056762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99275.056762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99275.056762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99275.056762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              573.983484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1032148456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1779566.303448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    32.090942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.892543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.051428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.868418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.919845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1191691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1191691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1191691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1191691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1191691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1191691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7874001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7874001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7874001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7874001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7874001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7874001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1191740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1191740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1191740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1191740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1191740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160693.897959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160693.897959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160693.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160693.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160693.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160693.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6072121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6072121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6072121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6072121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6072121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6072121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164111.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164111.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164111.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164111.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164111.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164111.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 8059                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              406958286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 8315                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             48942.668190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   110.987962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   145.012038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.433547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.566453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3113484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3113484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1704656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1704656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4818140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4818140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4818140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4818140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        28584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        28584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3310561241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3310561241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2569675                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2569675                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3313130916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3313130916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3313130916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3313130916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3142038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3142038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1704686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1704686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4846724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4846724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4846724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4846724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115940.367059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115940.367059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 85655.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85655.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115908.582284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115908.582284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115908.582284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115908.582284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20525                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20525                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    859290016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    859290016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       651526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       651526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    859941542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    859941542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    859941542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    859941542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106744.101366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106744.101366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 72391.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72391.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106705.737933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106705.737933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106705.737933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106705.737933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              509.969599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1001230869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1936616.767892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    34.969599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.056041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1222773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1222773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1222773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1222773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1222773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9507826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9507826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9507826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9507826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9507826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9507826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1222824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1222824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1222824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 186427.960784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 186427.960784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 186427.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 186427.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 186427.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 186427.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7888525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7888525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7888525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7888525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7888525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7888525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 187822.023810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187822.023810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 187822.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187822.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 187822.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187822.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4057                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              152643048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             35391.386042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   220.941195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    35.058805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.863052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.136948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       839631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       705480                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705480                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1545111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1545111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        13006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        13006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1524624754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1524624754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8434578                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8434578                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1533059332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1533059332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1533059332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1533059332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       852547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       705570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1847                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1847                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1558117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1558117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118041.557293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118041.557293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93717.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93717.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 117873.237890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117873.237890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 117873.237890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117873.237890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    399286894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    399286894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1261071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1261071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    400547965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    400547965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    400547965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    400547965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98784.486393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98784.486393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84071.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84071.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98730.087503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98730.087503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98730.087503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98730.087503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              573.600373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1032148184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1779565.834483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    32.093024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.507349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.051431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.919231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1191419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1191419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1191419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1191419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1191419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1191419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8427618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8427618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8427618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8427618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8427618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8427618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1191468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1191468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1191468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1191468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1191468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171992.204082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171992.204082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171992.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171992.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171992.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171992.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6586059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6586059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6586059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6586059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6586059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6586059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178001.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178001.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178001.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178001.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178001.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178001.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 8074                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              406957554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 8330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             48854.448259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.000646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.999354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.433596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.566404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3113102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3113102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1704304                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1704304                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4817406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4817406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4817406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4817406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        28716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        28716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3343708207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3343708207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2472938                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2472938                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3346181145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3346181145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3346181145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3346181145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3141788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3141788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1704334                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1704334                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4846122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4846122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4846122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4846122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 116562.372133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116562.372133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 82431.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82431.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 116526.714898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116526.714898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 116526.714898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116526.714898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20642                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20642                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    864890948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    864890948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       668124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       668124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    865559072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    865559072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    865559072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    865559072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107240.043149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107240.043149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        74236                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74236                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107203.253901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107203.253901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107203.253901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107203.253901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              573.986850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1032147715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1779565.025862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    32.866020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   541.120830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.052670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.867181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.919851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1190950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1190950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1190950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1190950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1190950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8690768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8690768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8690768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8690768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8690768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8690768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1190999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1190999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1190999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1190999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1190999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 177362.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177362.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 177362.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177362.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 177362.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177362.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6989406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6989406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6989406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6989406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6989406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6989406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 188902.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188902.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 188902.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188902.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 188902.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188902.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 8065                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              406957002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 8321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             48907.222930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   110.999175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   145.000825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.433591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.566409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3112734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3112734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1704121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1704121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          837                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          837                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      4816855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        4816855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      4816855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       4816855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        28657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        28657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3344616688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3344616688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3076439                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3076439                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3347693127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3347693127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3347693127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3347693127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3141361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3141361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1704151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1704151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          837                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          837                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      4845512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4845512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      4845512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4845512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 116834.341286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116834.341286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102547.966667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102547.966667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 116819.385386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116819.385386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 116819.385386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116819.385386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1578                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1578                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20592                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20592                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    867960798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    867960798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       789446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       789446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    868750244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    868750244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    868750244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    868750244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107740.913357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107740.913357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 87716.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87716.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107718.567142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107718.567142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107718.567142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107718.567142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              551.967431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              921366064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1654158.104129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.798893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.168538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.041344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1221032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1221032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1221032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1221032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1221032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5901040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5901040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5901040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5901040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5901040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5901040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1221069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1221069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1221069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159487.567568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159487.567568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159487.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159487.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159487.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159487.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4892786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4892786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4892786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4892786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4892786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4892786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163092.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163092.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163092.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163092.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163092.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163092.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5515                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              205506742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             35610.248137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   194.010760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    61.989240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.757855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.242145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1813510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1813510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       333844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          782                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          782                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2147354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2147354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2147354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2147354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        19012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        19012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2040256942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2040256942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2417270                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2417270                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2042674212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2042674212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2042674212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2042674212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1832492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1832492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       333874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2166366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2166366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2166366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2166366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107483.771046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107483.771046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 80575.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80575.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107441.311382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107441.311382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107441.311382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107441.311382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13497                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13497                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    550400848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    550400848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    550785448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    550785448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    550785448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    550785448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99909.393356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99909.393356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99870.434814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99870.434814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99870.434814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99870.434814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              487.938227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1004329566                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2028948.618182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    32.938227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.052786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1230126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1230126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1230126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1230126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1230126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1230126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8379325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8379325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8379325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8379325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8379325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8379325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1230180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1230180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1230180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1230180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1230180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1230180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155172.685185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155172.685185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155172.685185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155172.685185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155172.685185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155172.685185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6384756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6384756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6384756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6384756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6384756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6384756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159618.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159618.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159618.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159618.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159618.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159618.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3743                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148945000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 3999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             37245.561390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   219.388245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    36.611755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.856985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.143015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       978700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        978700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       726541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1705241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1705241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1705241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1705241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           73                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         9617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         9617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    998455048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    998455048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5886330                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5886330                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1004341378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1004341378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1004341378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1004341378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       988244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       726614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1714858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1714858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1714858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1714858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104615.994132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104615.994132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 80634.657534                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80634.657534                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104433.958407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104433.958407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104433.958407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104433.958407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    357500172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    357500172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1095184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1095184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    358595356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    358595356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    358595356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    358595356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95895.968884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95895.968884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 73012.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73012.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95804.262891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95804.262891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95804.262891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95804.262891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              551.980502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              921365978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1651193.508961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    25.812061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   526.168441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.041365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.843219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1220946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1220946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1220946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1220946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1220946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6025813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6025813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6025813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6025813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6025813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6025813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1220985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1220985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1220985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154508.025641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154508.025641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154508.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154508.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154508.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154508.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5023451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5023451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5023451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5023451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5023451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5023451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162046.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162046.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162046.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162046.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162046.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162046.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5506                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              205505475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             35665.649948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   193.988758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    62.011242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.757769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.242231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1812647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1812647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       333441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2146088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        2146088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2146088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       2146088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2037658453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2037658453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2541028                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2541028                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2040199481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2040199481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2040199481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2040199481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1831588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1831588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       333471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2165059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2165059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2165059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2165059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107579.243599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107579.243599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84700.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84700.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107543.064730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107543.064730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107543.064730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107543.064730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          661                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             661                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13465                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13465                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    549990043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    549990043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       404566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       404566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    550394609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    550394609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    550394609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    550394609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99998.189636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99998.189636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 67427.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67427.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99962.696876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99962.696876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99962.696876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99962.696876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              487.038946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1004329804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2041320.739837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    32.038946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.051344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1230364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1230364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1230364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1230364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1230364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1230364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8063389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8063389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8063389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8063389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8063389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8063389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1230412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1230412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1230412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1230412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1230412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1230412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167987.270833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167987.270833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167987.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167987.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167987.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167987.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6311640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6311640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6311640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6311640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6311640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6311640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170584.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170584.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170584.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170584.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170584.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170584.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              148945437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             37236.359250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   219.397049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    36.602951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.857020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.142980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       978790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        978790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       726881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1705671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1705671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1705671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1705671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           35                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           35                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         9612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         9612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    996150206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    996150206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2836397                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2836397                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    998986603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    998986603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    998986603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    998986603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       988367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       726916                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726916                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1715283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1715283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1715283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1715283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104014.848700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104014.848700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 81039.914286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81039.914286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103931.190491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103931.190491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103931.190491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103931.190491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          838                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             838                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5868                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5868                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    354965538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    354965538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       680804                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       680804                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    355646342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    355646342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    355646342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    355646342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 95063.079272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95063.079272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 68080.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68080.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94991.010150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94991.010150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94991.010150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94991.010150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              507.386682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1001230589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1944137.066019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    32.386682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.051902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1222493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1222493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1222493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1222493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1222493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9237043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9237043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9237043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9237043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9237043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9237043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1222545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1222545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1222545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 177635.442308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177635.442308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 177635.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177635.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 177635.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177635.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7262721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7262721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7262721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7262721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7262721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7262721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 181568.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181568.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 181568.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181568.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 181568.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181568.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4046                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              152643344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35481.948861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   220.928512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    35.071488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.863002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.136998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       839958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       705597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1545555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1545555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        12965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        12965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1519033334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1519033334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7808271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7808271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1526841605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1526841605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1526841605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1526841605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       852837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       705683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1558520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1558520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117946.527991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117946.527991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 90793.848837                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90793.848837                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117766.417663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117766.417663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117766.417663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117766.417663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    400763959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    400763959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1093041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1093041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    401857000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    401857000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    401857000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    401857000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99420.481022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99420.481022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 72869.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72869.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99322.046466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99322.046466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99322.046466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99322.046466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              487.580347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1004329626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2037179.768763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    32.580347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.052212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1230186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1230186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1230186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1230186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1230186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1230186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7736149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7736149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7736149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7736149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7736149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7736149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1230236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1230236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1230236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1230236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1230236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1230236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154722.980000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154722.980000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154722.980000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154722.980000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154722.980000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154722.980000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6143204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6143204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6143204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6143204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6143204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6143204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161663.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161663.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161663.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161663.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161663.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161663.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 3743                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              148945115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 3999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             37245.590148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   219.404027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    36.595973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.857047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.142953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       978602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        978602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       726761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1705363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1705363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1705363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1705363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         9607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9607                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         9607                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    997248481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    997248481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4785737                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4785737                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1002034218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1002034218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1002034218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1002034218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       988154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       726816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1714970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1714970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1714970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1714970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104402.060406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104402.060406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87013.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87013.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104302.510461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104302.510461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104302.510461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104302.510461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    357154037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    357154037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       978910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       978910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    358132947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    358132947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    358132947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    358132947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 95777.430142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95777.430142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 69922.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69922.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 95680.723217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95680.723217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 95680.723217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95680.723217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              509.575465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1002526999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1939123.789168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    27.575465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.044191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1202848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1202848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1202848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1202848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1202848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1202848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6626710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6626710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6626710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6626710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6626710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6626710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1202889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1202889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1202889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1202889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1202889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1202889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161627.073171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161627.073171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161627.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161627.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161627.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161627.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5606153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5606153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5606153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5606153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5606153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5606153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160175.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160175.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160175.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160175.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160175.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160175.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5644                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              158554545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             26873.651695                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   226.966701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    29.033299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.886589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.113411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       848306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        848306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       714878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       714878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1563184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1563184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1563184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1563184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        19761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        19761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2412734211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2412734211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     59091691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     59091691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2471825902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2471825902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2471825902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2471825902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       867578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       867578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       715367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       715367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1582945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1582945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 125193.763543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125193.763543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120841.903885                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120841.903885                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 125086.073680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125086.073680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 125086.073680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125086.073680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1939                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1939                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    565794897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    565794897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1470285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1470285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    567265182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    567265182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    567265182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    567265182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100567.880732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100567.880732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 81682.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81682.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100507.650957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100507.650957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100507.650957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100507.650957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              572.439212                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1032148318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1779566.065517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.318445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.120767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.050190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1191553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1191553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1191553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1191553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1191553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1191553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8210086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8210086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8210086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8210086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8210086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8210086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1191601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1191601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1191601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1191601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1191601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171043.458333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171043.458333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171043.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171043.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171043.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171043.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6489985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6489985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6489985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6489985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6489985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6489985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       175405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       175405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       175405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       175405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       175405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       175405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 8054                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              406953528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 8310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             48971.543682                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   110.994937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   145.005063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.433574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.566426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3110730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3110730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1702600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1702600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          889                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          889                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4813330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        4813330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4813330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       4813330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        28607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28607                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        28607                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3328547099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3328547099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2513832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2513832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3331060931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3331060931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3331060931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3331060931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3139310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3139310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1702627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1702627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          889                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          889                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4841937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4841937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4841937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4841937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116464.209202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116464.209202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93104.888889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93104.888889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116442.162093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116442.162093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116442.162093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116442.162093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    866114185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    866114185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       710675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       710675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    866824860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    866824860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    866824860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    866824860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107658.692977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107658.692977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 78963.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78963.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107626.627763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107626.627763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107626.627763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107626.627763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              509.438823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001230437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1940369.063953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    34.438823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.055190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1222341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1222341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1222341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1222341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1222341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9737693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9737693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9737693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9737693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9737693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9737693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1222395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1222395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1222395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 180327.648148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180327.648148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 180327.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180327.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 180327.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180327.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7752600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7752600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7752600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7752600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7752600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7752600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 189087.804878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189087.804878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 189087.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189087.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 189087.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189087.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4057                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              152644393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35391.697890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   220.942641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    35.057359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.863057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.136943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       840374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       706232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1698                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1698                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1546606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1546606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1546606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1546606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        13013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13013                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        13013                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1527200919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1527200919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7723609                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7723609                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1534924528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1534924528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1534924528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1534924528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       853299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       706320                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706320                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1698                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1698                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1559619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1559619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1559619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1559619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118158.678453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118158.678453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87768.284091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87768.284091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117953.164374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117953.164374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117953.164374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117953.164374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8956                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8956                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    400877590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    400877590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1147627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1147627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    402025217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    402025217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    402025217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    402025217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99178.028204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99178.028204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 76508.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76508.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99094.211733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99094.211733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99094.211733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99094.211733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              520.828479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1006993396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1914436.114068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    30.828479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.049405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1218071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1218071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1218071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1218071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1218071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1218071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6935551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6935551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6935551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6935551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6935551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6935551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1218118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1218118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1218118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1218118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1218118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1218118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147564.914894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147564.914894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147564.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147564.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147564.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147564.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5640597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5640597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5640597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5640597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5640597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5640597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156683.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156683.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156683.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156683.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156683.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156683.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 7121                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              167404917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 7377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             22692.817812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   227.255890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    28.744110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.887718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.112282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       842326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       696797                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696797                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1936                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1936                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1539123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1539123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1539123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1539123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        18398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        18398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2138569010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2138569010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7310065                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7310065                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2145879075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2145879075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2145879075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2145879075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       860636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       860636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       696885                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696885                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1936                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1936                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1557521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1557521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1557521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1557521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 116797.870563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116797.870563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 83068.920455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83068.920455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 116636.540657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116636.540657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 116636.540657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116636.540657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          862                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             862                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11277                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11277                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    740720139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    740720139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1007069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1007069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    741727208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    741727208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    741727208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    741727208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104238.691106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104238.691106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 67137.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67137.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104160.540374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104160.540374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104160.540374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104160.540374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
