
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.123103                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                123103031202                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               647930624739                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 289960                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   365659                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2026563                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67749780                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 60744.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17613556843                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22211837828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4144000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1694208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2574848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2573696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1698432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1698944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4854144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2636288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1697152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1209984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1211264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4860800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4126080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      4869632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      4859904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2621184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             47408896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12092928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          12092928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        32375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        13236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        20116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        20107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        13269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        13273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        37923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        20596                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        13259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         9453                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         9463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        37975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        32235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        38044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        37968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        20478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                370382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           94476                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                94476                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        38472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     33662859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        42631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13762521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        34313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20916203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        35353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20906845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13796833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13800992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        41591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     39431555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        38472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21415297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13786436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        36392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      9829035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      9839433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39485624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     33517290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     39557369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        39512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     39478346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        39512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21292603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               385115586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        38472                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        42631                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        34313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        35353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42631                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42631                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        41591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        38472                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42631                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        36392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37432                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40551                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42631                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        39512                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        39512                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             636345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          98234202                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               98234202                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          98234202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        38472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     33662859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        42631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13762521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        34313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20916203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        35353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20906845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        42631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13796833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        42631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13800992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        41591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     39431555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        38472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21415297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        42631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13786436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        36392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      9829035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        37432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      9839433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        41591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39485624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        40551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     33517290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        42631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     39557369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        39512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     39478346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        39512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21292603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              483349788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              295211107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20745797                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16964367                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024115                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8527276                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8176424                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134815                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89851                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201366732                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117759819                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20745797                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10311239                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24663706                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5895813                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9415325                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12381595                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2037643                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    239272551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214608845     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1332222      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2104357      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3364101      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1393551      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1554699      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1665730      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1091419      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12157627      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    239272551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070274                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.398900                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      199450607                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11346079                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24587382                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        62165                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3826315                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3402980                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143789399                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         3070                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3826315                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      199750718                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2245534                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      8185089                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24355120                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       909770                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143703004                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents        42779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       246774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       332304                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        73232                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199494393                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668495325                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668495325                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170241825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29252543                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        36981                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20512                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2651844                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13686157                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7365920                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222295                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1677517                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143518388                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37089                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135836011                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171264                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18168729                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40528876                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3883                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239272551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181973652     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23015234      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12569275      5.25%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8572829      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8014935      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2302347      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1795517      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       610933      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417829      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239272551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31507     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95408     38.24%     50.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122555     49.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113786775     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2150147      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12555322      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7327306      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135836011                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.460132                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249470                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    511365304                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161725706                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133660917                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    136085481                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       411262                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2449758                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          376                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1534                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       222902                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8462                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           65                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3826315                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1390598                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121798                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143555633                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9296                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13686157                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7365920                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20506                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89565                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1534                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182663                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1156821                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2339484                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133907584                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11807375                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1928424                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 156                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19132876                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18845033                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7325501                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.453599                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133661848                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133660917                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        78142044                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204135652                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.452764                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382795                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122574593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20981528                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2067485                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235446236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185693565     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24093983     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9377858      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5056186      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3782023      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2113084      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1303861      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1165750      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2859926      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235446236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122574593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18379417                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11236399                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17595164                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110448787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2490081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2859926                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          376141755                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290938809                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3262814                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              55938556                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122574593                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.952111                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.952111                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.338741                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.338741                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      603854100                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     185260622                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134132946                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              295211107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       22783465                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18643125                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2232313                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9590324                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8985639                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2357162                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101818                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    219719685                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            127348586                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          22783465                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     11342801                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            26604151                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6069755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     11887833                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles          788                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13441459                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2233499                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    262020959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      235416808     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1247106      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1976532      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2671164      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2747593      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        2320064      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1296657      0.49%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1931695      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       12413340      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    262020959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077177                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.431381                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      217460621                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     14167073                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        26554818                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        30334                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3808110                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3748639                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    156290403                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3808110                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      218058202                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1978152                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles     10808696                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        25994565                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles      1373231                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    156229564                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       204117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       589054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    218019706                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    726770450                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    726770450                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    189290405                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       28729293                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        39148                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20540                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         4078376                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     14639768                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7926928                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        92963                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1852819                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        156037031                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39283                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       148311865                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20342                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17049705                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40633696                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1757                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262020959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199253371     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25817229      9.85%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13082798      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9856533      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7742133      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3126486      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1975837      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1029119      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       137453      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262020959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27681     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90299     36.60%     47.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128750     52.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    124740183     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2208419      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18605      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13443110      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7901548      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    148311865                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.502393                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            246730                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    558911761                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173126623                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146076879                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    148558595                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       299245                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2342798                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          607                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104015                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3808110                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1643829                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135178                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    156076465                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57750                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14639768                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7926928                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20542                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       113984                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          607                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1303002                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1247413                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2550415                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    146254404                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12648726                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2057461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 151                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           20549956                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       20789650                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7901230                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.495423                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            146077134                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           146076879                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        83853369                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       225944058                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.494822                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110344244                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    135777399                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20299087                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37526                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2260480                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258212849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202523436     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27592659     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10435719      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4969436      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4187191      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2406015      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2105410      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       950169      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3042814      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258212849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    110344244                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    135777399                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20119882                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            12296969                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             18722                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         19579309                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       122333837                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2795972                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3042814                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          411245767                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         315961151                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3331033                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              33190148                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         110344244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           135777399                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    110344244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.675365                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.675365                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.373781                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.373781                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      658283599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     203493929                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     144879144                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        37492                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              295211107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20275285                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18107242                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1615940                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13576645                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13249894                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1216178                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48933                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214330247                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            115138284                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20275285                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     14466072                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            25679872                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5296208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      8654260                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12968585                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1586228                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    252335585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      226655713     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3916917      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1976754      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3878226      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1240703      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3592163      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         565862      0.22%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         909978      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        9599269      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    252335585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068681                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.390020                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      212320308                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     10713277                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        25629259                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        20502                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3652235                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1912446                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        18947                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    128784720                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        35749                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3652235                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      212548988                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       6885211                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      3101773                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        25402060                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       745314                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    128597865                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        99790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       569151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    168539441                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    582800262                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    582800262                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    136723263                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       31816161                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        17262                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8739                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1721507                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     23208946                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3762737                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24419                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       855616                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        127934264                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17324                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       119823872                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77979                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23041885                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47161904                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          134                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252335585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199795727     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16511397      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17647127      6.99%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10178453      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5257114      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1316745      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1562600      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36295      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30127      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252335585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200897     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82633     23.53%     80.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67583     19.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93956916     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       938804      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8523      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21189053     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3730576      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    119823872                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.405892                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            351113                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492412421                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150993796                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116785298                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    120174985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94314                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4723664                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          328                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86165                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3652235                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       6039793                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89477                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127951680                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23208946                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3762737                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8737                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        42992                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2430                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          328                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1092888                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       619627                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1712515                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118304829                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20884217                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1519043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           24614579                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17987766                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3730362                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.400747                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            116811957                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           116785298                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        70674592                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       153887255                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.395599                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.459262                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93048789                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    104749329                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23207525                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1605832                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248683350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209689461     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15319590      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9840867      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3097685      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5142260      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1003019      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       635827      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581275      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3373366      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248683350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     93048789                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    104749329                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             22161847                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            18485275                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16072378                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        91539039                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1308704                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3373366                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          373266487                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         259568824                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4786760                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              42875522                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          93048789                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           104749329                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     93048789                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.172649                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.172649                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.315194                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.315194                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      549926082                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     152164993                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     136799458                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        17174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              295211103                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20261025                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18094328                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1613927                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13566831                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13240902                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1214930                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48989                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214187888                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            115049934                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20261025                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     14455832                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            25662442                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5287979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      8692654                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12958675                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1584107                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    252207983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      226545541     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        3916595      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1973861      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3876208      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1240776      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3589210      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         564888      0.22%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         907655      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        9593249      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    252207983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.068632                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.389721                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      212181013                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     10748742                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25611739                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        20457                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3646028                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1911069                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        18946                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    128687029                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        35805                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3646028                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      212409710                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       6992257                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      3031521                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        25384383                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       744080                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    128499379                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          236                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        99969                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       567931                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    168404422                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    582346217                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    582346217                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    136652426                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       31751996                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        17263                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8744                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1719214                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     23191903                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      3761050                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24504                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       854002                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        127837315                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17325                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       119742703                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77707                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22999503                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47065438                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          142                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252207983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199698798     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16506084      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17635152      6.99%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10171342      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5254843      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1314064      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1561384      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36235      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30081      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252207983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200342     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82596     23.56%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67586     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93892609     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       938161      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8519      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21174239     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3729175      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    119742703                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.405617                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            350524                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492121620                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150854457                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116710802                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    120093227                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94001                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4716886                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          126                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          320                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86192                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3646028                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       6150691                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89401                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127854734                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16943                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23191903                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3761050                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8741                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        42910                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2414                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          320                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1091261                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       618871                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1710132                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118229600                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20872564                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1513103                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           24601502                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17977301                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          3728938                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.400492                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            116737635                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           116710802                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        70626736                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       153765664                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.395347                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.459314                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92999653                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    104694686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23165212                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17183                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1603814                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248561955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209587611     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15312005      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9835913      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3096236      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5139734      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1002969      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       635138      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581254      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3371095      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248561955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     92999653                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    104694686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             22149875                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            18475017                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              8572                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         16063925                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        91491508                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1308092                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3371095                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          373050407                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         259368676                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4781663                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              43003120                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          92999653                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           104694686                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     92999653                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.174325                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.174325                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.315028                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.315028                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      549579510                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     152064442                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     136699457                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        17168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              295211107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       22821379                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18673966                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2236195                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9606451                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8998758                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2361302                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102199                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    220070210                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            127556194                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          22821379                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     11360060                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            26646490                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6079263                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     11792508                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles          673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        13463145                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2237341                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    262323962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      235677472     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1248563      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1978706      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2674726      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2751834      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2325969      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1299724      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1934450      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       12432518      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    262323962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077305                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.432085                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      217806413                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     14076306                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        26597340                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        30215                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3813685                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3755295                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          386                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    156545249                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1999                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3813685                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      218404868                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1965305                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     10728899                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        26036243                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1374959                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    156484484                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       203944                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       590214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    218374975                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    727955816                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    727955816                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    189600669                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       28774303                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        39204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20564                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         4083058                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     14662734                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7940289                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93077                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1847802                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        156291274                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39338                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       148554386                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20528                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17069491                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40695439                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1751                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262323962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199461341     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25847850      9.85%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13101126      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9877429      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7758917      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3131897      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1977926      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1030520      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       136956      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262323962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27658     11.20%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90446     36.63%     47.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128842     52.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    124944782     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2212078      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18636      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13464363      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7914527      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    148554386                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.503214                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            246946                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    559700208                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173400702                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146315770                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    148801332                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       300730                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2345584                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          600                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104531                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3813685                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1630181                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135425                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    156330764                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57870                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14662734                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7940289                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20568                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       114213                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          600                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1305329                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1250679                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2556008                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    146493342                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12668909                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2061044                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           20583128                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       20825296                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7914219                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.496232                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            146315989                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           146315770                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        83990680                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       226310677                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.495631                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371130                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110525155                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    136000081                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20330704                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37587                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2264408                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258510277                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202736400     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27631719     10.69%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10453782      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4977908      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4187692      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2409491      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2113191      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       951047      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3049047      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258510277                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    110525155                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    136000081                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             20152906                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            12317148                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             18752                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         19611455                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       122534456                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2800564                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3049047                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          411791261                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         316475321                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3336911                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              32887145                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         110525155                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           136000081                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    110525155                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.670986                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.670986                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.374394                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.374394                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      659355118                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     203826519                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     145115181                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        37554                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              295211107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       22823722                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18675005                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2236621                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9600371                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8999130                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2361414                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101979                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    220087592                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            127577244                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          22823722                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     11360544                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            26651695                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       6081488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     11806114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles          716                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        13464553                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2237712                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    262361989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      235710294     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1248978      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1979840      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2677009      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2750738      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        2325804      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1299183      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1932666      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       12437477      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    262361989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077313                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.432156                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      217823997                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     14089760                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        26602269                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        30486                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3815474                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3756383                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          388                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    156573753                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2014                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3815474                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      218422532                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1979259                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     10727332                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        26041202                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1376187                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    156512891                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       204819                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       590268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    218413353                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    728089052                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    728089052                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    189615657                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       28797696                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        39237                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20595                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         4086524                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     14666945                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7940772                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93244                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1847727                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        156319866                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       148579867                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20520                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17085928                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40722098                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1783                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262361989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199494711     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25845635      9.85%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13102229      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9880463      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7759138      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3132939      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1978623      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1030608      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       137643      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262361989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27811     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90451     36.61%     47.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128837     52.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    124965652     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2212447      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18637      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13467869      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7915262      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    148579867                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.503300                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247099                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    559789342                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173445767                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146338181                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    148826966                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       300924                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2348842                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          135                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          600                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104408                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3815474                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1644534                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135216                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    156359394                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57673                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14666945                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7940772                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20599                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       114029                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          600                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1304349                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1250893                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2555242                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    146516125                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12670834                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2063742                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 154                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           20585789                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       20827774                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7914955                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.496310                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            146338409                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           146338181                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        84003356                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       226350955                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.495707                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371120                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110533871                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    136010758                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20348660                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37591                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2264837                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258546515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202769768     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27631837     10.69%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10454552      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4978659      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4188213      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2409085      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2113964      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       951717      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3048720      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258546515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    110533871                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    136010758                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             20154467                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            12318103                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             18754                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         19612963                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       122544102                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2800782                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3048720                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          411856459                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         316534369                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3337501                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              32849118                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         110533871                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           136010758                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    110533871                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.670775                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.670775                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.374423                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.374423                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      659455605                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     203856062                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     145138301                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        37558                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              295211107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19915534                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17972082                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1040722                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7474765                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7131192                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1095643                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45954                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211201477                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            125134590                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19915534                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      8226835                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24763571                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       3289562                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     29721799                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1227                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           44                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12114849                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1045152                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    267910962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      243147391     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         886695      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1810407      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         773288      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        4116312      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3662232      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         707165      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1476772      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11330700      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    267910962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067462                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.423882                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      209030844                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     31906951                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24672175                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        78652                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      2222337                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1746966                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          509                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    146760429                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2819                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      2222337                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      209304575                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles      29682200                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1287047                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24510183                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       904617                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    146677437                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       469508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       297278                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6260                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    172154215                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    690780329                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    690780329                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    152658834                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       19495352                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        17021                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8598                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2101869                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     34613667                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores     17505682                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160353                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       852890                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        146390141                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17072                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       140672916                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        88426                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11391604                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27449659                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           98                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    267910962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217396865     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15421731      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12475801      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5391396      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6741194      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6390452      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3625042      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289741      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       178740      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    267910962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354065     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2706353     86.21%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78909      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88233337     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1228839      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8421      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33746978     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17455341     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    140672916                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.476516                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3139327                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022316                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    552484547                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157802422                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139465157                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    143812243                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253539                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1359671                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          536                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3612                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       118337                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12398                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           55                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      2222337                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles      28966393                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       274758                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146407309                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1614                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34613667                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17505682                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8598                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       170801                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          110                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3612                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       607245                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614943                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1222188                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139695527                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33630991                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       977389                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  96                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           51084643                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18304095                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores         17453652                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.473206                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            139468867                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           139465157                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        75342391                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       148733216                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.472425                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506561                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113311500                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    133159616                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13263892                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16974                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1063578                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265688625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217214353     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17840422      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8308959      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8171194      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2259688      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9352680      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       712677      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       519736      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1308916      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265688625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    113311500                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    133159616                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             50641337                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            33253992                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8474                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17584381                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       118410840                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1289745                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      1308916                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          410802879                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         295069543                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4534419                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              27300145                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         113311500                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           133159616                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    113311500                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.605306                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.605306                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.383832                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.383832                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      690578287                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     161925828                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     174705810                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16948                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              295211107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       21698470                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17793321                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2120039                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8980270                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8479103                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2225899                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95097                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    207020177                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            123336338                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          21698470                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10705002                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            27119641                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6027063                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     19321282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12752816                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2107786                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    257331201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      230211560     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        2935907      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        3388724      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        1867505      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2166525      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1183852      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         810827      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        2105755      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12660546      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    257331201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073502                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.417790                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      205349425                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     21023717                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        26903698                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles       204044                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3850315                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3523122                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        19781                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    150549419                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        97789                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3850315                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      205667670                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       6853420                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     13268349                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        26798959                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       892486                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    150457133                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       234513                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       411766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    209059781                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    700525377                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    700525377                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    178516315                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       30543408                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        39298                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21887                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2394150                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     14356390                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7825767                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       205219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1740545                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        150215461                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39371                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       141941307                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       199730                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18793847                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43492435                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4311                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257331201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197524769     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24051545      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12918521      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8952977      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7825522      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4009578      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       959255      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       623991      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       465043      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257331201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36952     12.17%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129316     42.59%     54.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137370     45.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118809565     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2220006      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17384      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13124797      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7769555      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    141941307                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.480813                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303638                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002139                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541717183                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169050025                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139598196                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    142244945                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       355970                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2528077                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          917                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1348                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       172872                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8694                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4106                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3850315                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       6345849                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       157052                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150254963                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        68629                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14356390                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7825767                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       110383                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1348                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1228064                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1190179                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2418243                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139864966                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12326744                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2076341                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 131                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           20094392                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19567440                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7767648                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.473779                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            139600321                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           139598196                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        82964005                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       217306936                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.472876                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381783                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104828775                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    128612402                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21643864                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35060                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2132243                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253480886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200939504     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24364373      9.61%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10209039      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6141284      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4246907      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2744679      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1419989      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1145746      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2269365      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253480886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    104828775                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    128612402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             19481166                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11828296                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17492                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18406802                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       115949132                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2616656                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2269365                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          401467085                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         304363004                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3168539                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              37879906                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         104828775                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           128612402                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    104828775                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.816127                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.816127                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.355098                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.355098                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      630904973                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     193736072                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     140510279                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        35028                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              295211107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       22806093                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18660095                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2234519                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9596460                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8991656                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2359132                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101839                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    219885367                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            127467172                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          22806093                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     11350788                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            26628779                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6073310                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     11848756                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        13453083                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2235721                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    262172707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      235543928     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1249146      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1976551      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2674185      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2748309      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2326467      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1298353      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1930805      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12424963      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    262172707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077254                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.431783                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      217622860                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     14130635                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        26579362                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        30428                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3809419                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3753850                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          388                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    156433850                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2007                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3809419                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      218220535                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1971570                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     10777751                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        26019044                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1374385                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    156373247                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       204746                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       589517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    218221156                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    727426694                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    727426694                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    189467963                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       28753193                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        39148                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20520                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         4079092                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     14652236                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7934234                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93458                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1847434                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        156180797                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39287                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       148455095                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20439                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17052768                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40632177                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1724                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262172707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199354867     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25824859      9.85%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13095418      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9872058      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7751976      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3130342      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1976516      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1028852      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       137819      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262172707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27734     11.23%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90406     36.62%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128741     52.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    124862043     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2210562      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18623      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13454774      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7909093      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    148455095                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.502878                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            246881                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    559350217                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173273451                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146216810                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    148701976                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       302163                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2343712                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          119                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          600                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103954                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3809419                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1636768                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135170                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    156220238                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58151                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14652236                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7934234                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20524                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       114037                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          600                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1303151                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1250622                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2553773                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    146394738                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12661136                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2060357                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 154                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           20569921                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       20812909                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7908785                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.495898                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            146217036                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           146216810                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        83938583                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       226162286                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.495296                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371143                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110447852                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    135904885                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20315388                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37563                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2262713                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258363288                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202629168     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27611261     10.69%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10445857      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4977172      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4183463      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2406385      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2112448      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       950343      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3047191      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258363288                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    110447852                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    135904885                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             20138804                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            12308524                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             18740                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         19597705                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       122448695                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2798597                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3047191                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          411535616                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         316250024                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3335310                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              33038400                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         110447852                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           135904885                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    110447852                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.672855                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.672855                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.374132                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.374132                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      658904883                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     203688292                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     145014600                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        37530                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              295211107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       25604572                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21318198                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2324903                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9738260                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9362917                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2755314                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       107746                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222739462                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            140457974                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          25604572                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     12118231                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            29278386                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       6473066                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     20350960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5971                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13830478                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2222722                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    276501944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      247223558     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1796206      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2259505      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3603606      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1513806      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1944451      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        2262015      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1037829      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       14860968      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    276501944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086733                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.475788                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      221433926                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     21788497                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        29139331                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        13743                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      4126446                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3897741                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          657                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    171700090                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         3189                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      4126446                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      221658210                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        714437                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     20447322                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        28928846                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       626675                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    170645137                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        90297                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       436912                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    238332877                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    793549079                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    793549079                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    199490722                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       38842155                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        41254                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21472                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2202381                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     15980368                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      8356544                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        94061                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1895564                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        166614115                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41405                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       159865428                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       160439                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20163662                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41043163                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1503                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276501944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578171                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208764933     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30892178     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12634941      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7077050      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9589535      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2953075      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2905714      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1561725      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       122793      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276501944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1101055     78.98%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       150534     10.80%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142478     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134679820     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2185345      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19782      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14648855      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8331626      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    159865428                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.541529                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1394067                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008720                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    597787306                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186819948                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155709984                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    161259495                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       118752                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3014729                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          768                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117727                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      4126446                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        543399                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68317                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166655526                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130665                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15980368                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8356544                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21471                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        59621                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           71                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          768                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1374957                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1308018                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2682975                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157085737                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14410153                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2779691                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           22741046                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       22216007                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          8330893                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.532113                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            155710389                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           155709984                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        93295047                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       250623201                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.527453                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372252                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116058774                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    143011085                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23645116                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39902                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2344755                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272375498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211849069     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30676174     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11132535      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5548940      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5077892      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2130121      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2110206      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1004876      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2845685      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272375498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    116058774                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    143011085                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             21204456                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            12965639                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             19906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         20729245                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       128756324                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2953096                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2845685                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          436185208                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         337438864                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3375775                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              18709163                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         116058774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           143011085                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    116058774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.543635                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.543635                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.393138                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.393138                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      706810985                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     217578403                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     158792238                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        39868                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              295211107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       25624221                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21334696                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2327101                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9767601                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9370540                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2757280                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108161                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222983210                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            140583425                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          25624221                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     12127820                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            29299766                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       6470860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     20095731                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13843976                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2224609                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    276506514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      247206748     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1797672      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2261586      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3607675      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1516134      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1942585      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        2266339      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1036620      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       14871155      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    276506514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086800                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.476213                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      221677377                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     21532687                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        29160611                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        13812                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      4122026                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3900270                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          652                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    171816730                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         3187                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      4122026                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      221902141                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        715436                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     20191282                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        28949696                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       625925                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    170758110                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        90380                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       436340                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    238510363                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    794074309                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    794074309                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    199703726                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       38806592                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        41477                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21674                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2201059                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     15967681                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      8363611                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93936                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1893421                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        166722264                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41625                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       160012159                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       160179                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20117206                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40855578                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1679                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276506514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208703530     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30929505     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12640300      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7084683      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9598286      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2955893      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2907936      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1563268      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123113      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276506514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1103146     79.13%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       148361     10.64%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142624     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134804037     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2187268      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19803      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14662770      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8338281      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    160012159                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.542026                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1394131                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008713                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598085141                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186881857                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155853905                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    161406290                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       119015                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2988179                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          764                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116013                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            6                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      4122026                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        543749                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        69059                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166763894                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       129615                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15967681                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8363611                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21673                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60392                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           70                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          764                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1379225                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1305823                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2685048                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157229548                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14423982                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2782610                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           22761504                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       22237171                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          8337522                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.532600                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            155854369                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           155853905                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        93367926                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       250800161                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.527941                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372280                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116182707                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    143163836                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23600696                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39946                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2346984                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272384488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211794754     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30703755     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11147516      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5556116      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5082096      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2136054      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2109668      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006193      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2848336      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272384488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    116182707                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    143163836                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             21227100                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            12979502                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             19928                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         20751425                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       128893847                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2956263                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2848336                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          436299878                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         337651129                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3376838                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              18704593                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         116182707                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           143163836                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    116182707                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.540921                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.540921                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.393558                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.393558                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      707478155                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     217785172                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     158935073                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        39912                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              295211107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19912030                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17967444                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1043905                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7733032                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7142419                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1098839                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46419                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211390309                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            125056283                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19912030                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      8241258                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24758731                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3278429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     29346493                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12126716                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1048242                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    267703904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      242945173     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         887641      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1811240      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         773990      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        4117176      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3668462      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         713555      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1474112      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11312555      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    267703904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067450                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.423616                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      209238617                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     31511096                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24667626                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        78697                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2207865                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1747728                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          506                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    146674931                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2858                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2207865                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      209510201                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles      29313016                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1259776                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24507164                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       905879                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    146593053                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents         1015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       465214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       295927                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents        14170                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    172038040                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    690386137                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    690386137                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    152707907                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       19330043                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        17016                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8590                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2085471                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     34618844                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     17510090                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160828                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       846872                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        146311646                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17066                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       140708326                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        87739                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11247680                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26867035                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    267703904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217151827     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15455646      5.77%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12488340      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5385997      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6735416      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6391655      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3625880      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290354      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       178789      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    267703904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354168     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2705641     86.20%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78935      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88256325     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1225574      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8424      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33758013     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17459990     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    140708326                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.476636                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3138744                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    552347039                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157580034                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139498388                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    143847070                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       254253                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1356062                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          557                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3644                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       118071                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12398                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2207865                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles      28598251                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       272165                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146328811                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1382                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34618844                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17510090                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8590                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       169237                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          128                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3644                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       611161                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       613193                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1224354                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139728046                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33642255                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       980280                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  99                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           51100446                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18309766                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         17458191                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.473316                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            139502106                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           139498388                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        75357623                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       148738171                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472538                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506646                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113346014                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    133200587                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13144501                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16978                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1066933                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265496039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217001011     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17848458      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8314630      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8174786      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2261048      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9357877      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       710558      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       519782      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1307889      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265496039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    113346014                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    133200587                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             50654792                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            33262773                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8476                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17589939                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       118447374                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1290254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1307889                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          410532900                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         294898319                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4539828                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              27507203                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         113346014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           133200587                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    113346014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.604512                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.604512                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.383949                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.383949                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      690775853                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     161965814                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     174643523                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16952                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              295211107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20696065                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16922848                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2027707                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8645831                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8183691                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2124947                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89852                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201231099                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            117412675                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20696065                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10308638                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24610722                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5872977                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      9290108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12374250                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2040892                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    238932431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      214321709     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1338718      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2107164      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3354633      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1390875      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1560780      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1654638      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1088457      0.46%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       12115457      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    238932431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070106                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.397724                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      199327341                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     11208831                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24535214                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        61010                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3800032                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3395076                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          471                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    143368414                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         3018                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3800032                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      199628002                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2297561                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      7995442                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24300537                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       910852                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    143279227                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        43105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       243054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       332014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        76892                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    198919210                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    666429458                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    666429458                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    170027550                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       28891653                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        37151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20708                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2659493                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13647508                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7349117                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221088                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1666207                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        143097013                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37266                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       135585181                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171425                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17867097                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39624005                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238932431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181714218     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23005292      9.63%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12558231      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8547342      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7985892      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2296766      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1795656      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       612205      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       416829      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238932431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31635     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95557     38.32%     51.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122188     49.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113580488     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2140080      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16440      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12538650      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7309523      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    135585181                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.459282                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249380                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510523598                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161002890                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133420262                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    135834561                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       410803                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2425273                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          393                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1547                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       215111                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8445                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           45                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3800032                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1415462                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       125299                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143134436                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9268                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13647508                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7349117                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20699                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        94341                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1547                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1192327                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151785                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2344112                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133666081                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11791777                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1919100                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 157                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           19099486                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18818938                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7307709                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.452781                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            133421210                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           133420262                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        77984588                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       203620437                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.451949                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382990                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99874038                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    122420255                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20714673                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33163                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2070947                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235132399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185439671     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24064924     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9368907      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5046824      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3778314      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2111525      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1303774      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1164160      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2854300      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235132399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     99874038                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    122420255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18356238                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11222232                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16544                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17573055                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       110309670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2486945                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2854300                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          375412351                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         290070118                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3262248                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              56278676                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          99874038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           122420255                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     99874038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.955834                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.955834                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.338314                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.338314                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      602783652                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     184926129                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     133756450                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        33134                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              295210240                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19962637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18014430                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1041813                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7580754                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7153365                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1098716                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46188                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211769275                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            125428722                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19962637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      8252081                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24824752                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       3288833                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     29479866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12145727                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1046587                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    268296341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      243471589     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         890549      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1818528      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         775930      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        4126162      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3668835      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         710926      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1476806      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11357016      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    268296341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067622                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.424879                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      209584886                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     31678786                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24733779                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        78604                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      2220283                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1751122                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          504                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    147095623                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2767                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      2220283                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      209859044                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles      29458859                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1283636                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24571808                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       902708                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    147014130                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       466925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       297882                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6847                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    172528642                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    692362645                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    692362645                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    153090011                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       19438495                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        17064                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8618                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2098337                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     34698937                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     17556337                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       161614                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       852189                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        146733238                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17115                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       141052628                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        89168                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11353027                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27271457                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           93                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268296341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217640537     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15467723      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12511489      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5407021      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6759997      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6406282      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3632729      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       291412      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179151      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268296341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        355035     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2710520     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79197      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88464652     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1231686      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8445      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33844115     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17503730     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    141052628                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.477804                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3144752                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022295                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    553635517                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158107056                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139844246                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    144197380                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       254091                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1350444                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          543                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3680                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       119615                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12432                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          104                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      2220283                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles      28748782                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       276453                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146750454                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1793                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34698937                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17556337                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8617                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       171854                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          122                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3680                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       609117                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       613722                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1222839                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140076211                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33726651                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       976417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 101                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           51228610                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18351770                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         17501959                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.474496                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            139847984                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           139844246                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        75536381                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       149081127                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.473711                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506680                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113632524                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    133536435                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13230153                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17022                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1064795                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    266076058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217465736     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17886947      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8331846      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8197334      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2268988      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9379384      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       712436      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       520790      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1312597      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    266076058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    113632524                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    133536435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             50785198                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            33348484                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              8498                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17634186                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       118745781                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1293349                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1312597                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          411529711                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         295753750                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4543161                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              26913899                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         113632524                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           133536435                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    113632524                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.597938                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.597938                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.384921                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.384921                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      692484648                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     162358050                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     175138776                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        16996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              295211107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19920271                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17976716                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1040535                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7576807                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7135158                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1098527                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46168                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211384460                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            125173593                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19920271                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      8233685                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24769860                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       3280233                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     29691929                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles          360                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12123691                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1045013                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    268060343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      243290483     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         887750      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1810279      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         772466      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        4118682      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3665755      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         709923      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1476713      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11328292      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    268060343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.067478                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.424014                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      209248722                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     31840966                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24678556                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        78901                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      2213195                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1746857                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          503                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    146783793                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2819                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      2213195                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      209520158                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles      29610664                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1299599                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24518186                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       898538                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    146703045                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       464332                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       295654                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6492                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    172186559                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    690921839                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    690921839                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    152791018                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       19395529                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        17025                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8596                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2082140                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     34625378                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores     17516579                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       852550                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        146422463                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17076                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       140759167                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        84616                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11307060                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27153512                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           90                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268060343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217526942     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15423973      5.75%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12479432      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5390304      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6740310      2.51%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6399195      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3631931      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289431      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       178825      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268060343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354735     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2708946     86.20%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79024      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88283007     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1228915      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8428      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33769754     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17469063     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    140759167                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.476809                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3142705                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022327                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    552805998                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157750223                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139557901                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    143901872                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253329                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1342576                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          521                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3632                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114192                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12407                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      2213195                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles      28909628                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       271245                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146439631                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34625378                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17516579                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8596                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       168854                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          116                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3632                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       607982                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       613081                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1221063                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139784243                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33656951                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       974924                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           51124299                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18315429                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores         17467348                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.473506                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            139561563                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           139557901                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        75389751                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       148785295                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.472739                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.506702                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113409713                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    133274982                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13180501                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16986                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1063431                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265847148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501322                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217339169     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17842935      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8316338      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8181487      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2258081      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9369528      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       710850      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       520234      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1308526      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265847148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    113409713                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    133274982                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             50685182                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            33282795                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              8480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17599685                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       118513380                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1290872                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      1308526                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          410993767                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         295124363                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4539914                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              27150764                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         113409713                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           133274982                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    113409713                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.603050                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.603050                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.384165                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.384165                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      691063726                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     162034067                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     174787334                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        16960                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              295211107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       21698666                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17798301                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2122200                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8973473                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8482301                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2224619                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95036                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    207084392                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            123321472                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          21698666                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10706920                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            27130014                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6023786                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     19457060                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12757363                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2110142                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    257536050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      230406036     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        2937583      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        3403241      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        1869561      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2167152      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1183700      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         804971      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        2098643      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12665163      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    257536050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.073502                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.417740                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      205417770                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     21155800                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        26914919                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles       202769                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3844790                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3518161                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        19789                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    150538804                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        98049                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3844790                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      205734909                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       6901810                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     13353371                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        26809766                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       891402                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    150447639                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       236017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       410275                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    209075905                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    700481198                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    700481198                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    178585341                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       30490530                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        39254                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21836                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2388370                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     14361894                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7819511                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       205714                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1735546                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        150199425                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39330                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       141943812                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       196667                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18736165                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43385392                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4254                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257536050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243631                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197714874     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24066003      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12921199      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8955506      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7825532      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4005087      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       958636      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       624190      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       465023      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257536050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37096     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130626     42.79%     54.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137528     45.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118819238     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2220763      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17391      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13121535      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7764885      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    141943812                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.480821                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            305250                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541925588                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168976266                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139601898                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    142249062                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       358230                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2529071                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          912                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1349                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       163695                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8693                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4189                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3844790                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       6378090                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       156862                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150238880                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74156                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14361894                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7819511                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21812                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109427                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1349                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1230501                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1191743                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2422244                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139865243                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12327019                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2078566                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 125                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           20090094                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       19572574                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7763075                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.473780                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            139603996                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           139601898                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        82983261                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       217331653                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.472888                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381828                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104869306                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    128661991                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21578402                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35076                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2134390                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253691260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201128389     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24378559      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10211244      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6139957      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4250163      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2743477      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1423281      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1146170      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2270020      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253691260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    104869306                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    128661991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             19488632                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11832820                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             17500                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         18413860                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       115993831                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2617644                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2270020                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          401660931                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         304325682                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3170678                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              37675057                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         104869306                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           128661991                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    104869306                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.815038                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.815038                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.355235                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.355235                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      630902789                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     193763873                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     140493494                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        35044                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        32422                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.587544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         167832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        34470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         4.868930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.903272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.402165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1666.974862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         365.307245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.813953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.178373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 40585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8474                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8474                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  40691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40690                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 40691                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               32379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                32412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32375                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               32412                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55695608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30248500495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30304196103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     26416483                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26416483                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55695608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30274916978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    30330612586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55695608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30274916978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   30330612586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             72964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8474                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8474                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              73103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             73103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.237410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.237410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1505286.702703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 935269.942953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935921.310201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 800499.484848                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 800499.484848                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1505286.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 935132.570749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 935783.431630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1505286.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 935132.570749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 935783.431630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4842                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4842                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           32412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          32412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52447008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27408356825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27460803833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     23517669                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23517669                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52447008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27431874494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27484321502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52447008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27431874494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27484321502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.237410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1417486.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 847453.986303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848105.371784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 712656.636364                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712656.636364                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1417486.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 847316.586687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847967.465815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1417486.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 847316.586687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847967.465815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        13283                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.456367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         196503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        15331                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        12.817364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.953622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     4.826373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1532.235759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         483.440613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.748162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.236055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 31695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10199                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               10199                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 169                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  31864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31862                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 31864                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               13278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                13278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13237                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               13278                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     76950360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10986986689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11063937049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     76950360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10986986689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    11063937049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     76950360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10986986689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   11063937049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        44930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             44973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10199                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           10199                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        45099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              45142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        45099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             45142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1876838.048780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 830020.902697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 833253.279786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1876838.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 830020.902697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 833253.279786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1876838.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 830020.902697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 833253.279786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               5836                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    5836                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          13277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           13277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          13277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     73349875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9823256700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9896606575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     73349875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9823256700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9896606575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     73349875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9823256700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9896606575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1789021.341463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 742162.035358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745394.786096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1789021.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 742162.035358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745394.786096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1789021.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 742162.035358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745394.786096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        20150                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.839219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         161652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        22198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         7.282278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.692692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.142633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1678.581646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         338.422249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.819620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.165245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 38019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6825                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                6825                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  38095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38094                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 38095                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               20149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                20149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20116                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               20149                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67456828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15852493377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15919950205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67456828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15852493377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    15919950205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67456828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15852493377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   15919950205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        58134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             58168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6825                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            6825                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        58210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              58244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        58210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             58244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2044146.303030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 788053.955906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 790111.181945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2044146.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 788053.955906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 790111.181945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2044146.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 788053.955906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 790111.181945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               2713                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    2713                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           20149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64558580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14086014864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14150573444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64558580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14086014864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14150573444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64558580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14086014864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14150573444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1956320.606061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 700239.354941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702296.562807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1956320.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 700239.354941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702296.562807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1956320.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 700239.354941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702296.562807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        20142                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.834221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         161614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        22190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         7.283191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.568481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.159322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1678.623396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         337.483022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.819640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.164787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        37905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 37906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6900                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                6900                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        37980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  37981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        37980                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 37981                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               20141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                20141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20107                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               20141                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59016294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15933289228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15992305522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59016294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15933289228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    15992305522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59016294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15933289228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   15992305522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        58012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             58047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6900                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            6900                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        58087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              58122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        58087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             58122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1735773.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 792424.987716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 794017.453056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1735773.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 792424.987716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 794017.453056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1735773.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 792424.987716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 794017.453056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               2713                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    2713                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           20141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          20141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56031094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14167391126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14223422220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56031094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14167391126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14223422220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56031094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14167391126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14223422220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1647973.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 704599.946586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706192.454198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1647973.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 704599.946586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706192.454198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1647973.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 704599.946586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706192.454198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        13316                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.465360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         196568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        15364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        12.794064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.964866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     4.778609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1533.504964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         482.216921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.748782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.235457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 31741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10218                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               10218                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  31909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31907                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 31909                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               13311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                13311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13270                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               13311                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     83929890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10807465676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10891395566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     83929890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10807465676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    10891395566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     83929890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10807465676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   10891395566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        45009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             45052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10218                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           10218                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        45177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              45220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        45177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             45220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2047070.487805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 814428.460889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818225.194651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2047070.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 814428.460889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818225.194651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2047070.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 814428.460889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818225.194651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5853                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5853                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          13310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           13310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          13310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80330090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9642206192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9722536282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80330090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9642206192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9722536282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80330090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9642206192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9722536282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1959270.487805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 726671.655136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730468.541097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1959270.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 726671.655136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730468.541097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1959270.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 726671.655136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730468.541097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        13320                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.462079                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         196573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        15368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        12.791059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.959618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     4.776176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1533.605978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         482.120308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.748831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.235410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 31744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10220                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               10220                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 169                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  31913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31911                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 31913                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               13315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                13315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13274                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               13315                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79927092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10789143060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10869070152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79927092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10789143060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    10869070152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79927092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10789143060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   10869070152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        45016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             45059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10220                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           10220                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        45185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              45228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        45185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             45228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1949441.268293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 812802.701522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816302.677582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1949441.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 812802.701522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 816302.677582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1949441.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 812802.701522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 816302.677582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5856                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5856                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          13314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           13314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          13314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76327292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9623464486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9699791778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76327292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9623464486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9699791778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76327292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9623464486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9699791778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1861641.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 725040.645370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728540.767463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1861641.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 725040.645370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728540.767463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1861641.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 725040.645370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728540.767463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        37963                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.935389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         207406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        40011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.183724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.656184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     1.798804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1820.662873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         221.817528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.888996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.108309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        44924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 44925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14242                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total               14242                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        44955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  44956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        44955                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 44956                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               37916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                37963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37923                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               37963                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     90543553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  36177006320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   36267549873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     79627657                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     79627657                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     90543553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  36256633977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    36347177530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     90543553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  36256633977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   36347177530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             82841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14242                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total           14242                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              82919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             82919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.457440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.602564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.602564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.457576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.457576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2263588.825000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 955143.265392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 956523.627835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1694205.468085                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1694205.468085                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2263588.825000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 956059.224666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957436.913047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2263588.825000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 956059.224666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957436.913047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               5953                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    5953                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          37916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           37963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          37963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87029919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  32850622828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32937652747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     75500481                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75500481                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87029919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  32926123309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33013153228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87029919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  32926123309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33013153228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.457440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.602564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.457576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.457576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2175747.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 867320.277432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868700.621031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1606393.212766                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1606393.212766                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2175747.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 868236.250007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869613.919553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2175747.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 868236.250007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869613.919553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        20649                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.535092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         233324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        22697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        10.279949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.066480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.607297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1667.760590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         345.100726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.814336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.168506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 38195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20782                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               20782                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  38358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38357                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 38358                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               20628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                20633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20596                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               20633                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63854981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  17450228615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17514083596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5203063                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5203063                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63854981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  17455431678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    17519286659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63854981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  17455431678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   17519286659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        58785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             58823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20782                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           20782                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        58953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              58991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        58953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             58991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.029762                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.029762                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1725810.297297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 847468.729785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 849044.192166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1040612.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1040612.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1725810.297297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 847515.618470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 849090.614986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1725810.297297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 847515.618470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 849090.614986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks              11088                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                   11088                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           20633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          20633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60606381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15642151481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15702757862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4764063                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4764063                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60606381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15646915544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15707521925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60606381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15646915544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15707521925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.029762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1638010.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 759659.631927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761235.110626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 952812.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 952812.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1638010.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 759706.522820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761281.535647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1638010.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 759706.522820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761281.535647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        13306                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.466688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         196543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        15354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        12.800769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.962997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     4.776559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1533.512038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         482.215094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.748785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.235457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 31724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               10210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  31892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31890                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 31892                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               13301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                13301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13260                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               13301                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63108170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10896550582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10959658752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63108170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10896550582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    10959658752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63108170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10896550582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   10959658752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        44982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             45025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           10210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        45150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              45193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        45150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             45193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1539223.658537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 821760.979035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823972.539809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1539223.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 821760.979035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823972.539809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1539223.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 821760.979035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823972.539809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5845                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5845                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          13300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           13300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          13300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59508089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9732050829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9791558918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59508089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9732050829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9791558918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59508089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9732050829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9791558918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1451416.804878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 733995.838977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736207.437444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1451416.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 733995.838977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736207.437444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1451416.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 733995.838977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736207.437444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         9488                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.218858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         219003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        11535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        18.985956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.071953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     4.972701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1411.980285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         592.193919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.002428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.689443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.289157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 31134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9695                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                9695                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  31372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31370                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 31372                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                9488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 9488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9453                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                9488                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90620070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7831556767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7922176837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90620070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7831556767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     7922176837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90620070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7831556767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    7922176837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        40585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             40622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9695                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            9695                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        40823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              40860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        40823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             40860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.231561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.231561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2589144.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 828473.158468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 834968.047745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2589144.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 828473.158468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 834968.047745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2589144.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 828473.158468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 834968.047745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4988                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4988                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            9488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           9488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87534320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7000887799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7088422119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87534320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7000887799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7088422119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87534320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7000887799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7088422119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.231561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.231561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2500980.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 740599.576748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 747093.393655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2500980.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 740599.576748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 747093.393655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2500980.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 740599.576748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 747093.393655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         9499                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.218842                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         219109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        11547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        18.975405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.070635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     5.250576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1412.070836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         591.826794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.689488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.288978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 31210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9721                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                9721                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          237                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 237                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  31447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31445                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 31447                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                9499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 9499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9463                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                9499                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95684084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7705058645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7800742729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95684084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7705058645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     7800742729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95684084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7705058645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    7800742729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             40709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9721                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            9721                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              40946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             40946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.232672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.231988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.231988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2657891.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 814230.016380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 821217.257501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2657891.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 814230.016380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 821217.257501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2657891.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 814230.016380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 821217.257501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               4996                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    4996                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            9499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           9499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     92523284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6874121513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6966644797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     92523284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6874121513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6966644797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     92523284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6874121513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6966644797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.232672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2570091.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 726420.956673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733408.232130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2570091.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 726420.956673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733408.232130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2570091.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 726420.956673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733408.232130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        38015                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.937304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         207367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        40063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         5.176023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.666784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     1.844551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1820.946172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         221.479798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.889134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.108144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        44885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 44886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14242                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               14242                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        44916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  44917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        44916                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 44917                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               37970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                38017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37977                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               38017                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95051995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  36074393228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   36169445223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     73639491                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73639491                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95051995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  36148032719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    36243084714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95051995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  36148032719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   36243084714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             82856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14242                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           14242                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              82934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             82934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.602564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.602564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2376299.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 951078.123596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 952579.542349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1566797.680851                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1566797.680851                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2376299.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 951840.132686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953338.893495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2376299.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 951840.132686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953338.893495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5955                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5955                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          37970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           38017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          38017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91537040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  32743519138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32835056178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     69512391                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69512391                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91537040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  32813031529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32904568569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91537040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  32813031529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32904568569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.602564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2288426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 863261.775323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864763.133474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1478987.042553                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1478987.042553                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2288426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 864023.791479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865522.491754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2288426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 864023.791479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865522.491754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        32284                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.588530                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         167852                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        34332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         4.889083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.508016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.237280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1668.143574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         364.699659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.814523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.178076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 40614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8464                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                8464                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  40720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40719                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 40720                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               32242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                32274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32235                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               32274                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85076533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  30246861848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30331938381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     27235036                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     27235036                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85076533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  30274096884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    30359173417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85076533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  30274096884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   30359173417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             72856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8464                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            8464                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              72994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             72994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.231884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.231884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2181449.564103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 939256.027327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 940758.587588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 851094.875000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851094.875000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2181449.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 939168.508888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 940669.685103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2181449.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 939168.508888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 940669.685103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               4837                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    4837                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           32274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          32274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81651456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  27418677911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27500329367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     24423981                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24423981                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81651456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  27443101892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27524753348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81651456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  27443101892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27524753348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.231884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2093627.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 851432.410365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852934.971993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 763249.406250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763249.406250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2093627.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 851344.870234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852846.047840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2093627.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 851344.870234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852846.047840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        38085                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.937626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         207614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        40133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.173149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.661739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     1.868895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1821.751349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         220.655642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.889527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.107742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        45029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 45030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14345                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               14345                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        45060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  45061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        45060                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 45061                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        37998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               38039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                38086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38045                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               38086                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81878172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35902369947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   35984248119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     73376529                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73376529                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81878172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35975746476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    36057624648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81878172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35975746476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   36057624648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        83027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             83069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14345                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           14345                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        83105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              83147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        83105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             83147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.457658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.602564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.602564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.457794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.457794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1997028.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 944848.938023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945983.020558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1561202.744681                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1561202.744681                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1997028.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 945610.368669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946742.232001                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1997028.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 945610.368669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946742.232001                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               5973                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    5973                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        37998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          38039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           38086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          38086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78277294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  32565629243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32643906537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     69249929                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69249929                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78277294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  32634879172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32713156466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78277294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  32634879172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32713156466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.457658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.602564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.457794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.457794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1909202.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 857035.350361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858169.419201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1473402.744681                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1473402.744681                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1909202.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 857796.797792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858928.647430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1909202.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 857796.797792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858928.647430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        38006                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.935074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         207428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        40054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         5.178709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.661042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     1.739340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1822.007673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         220.527018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.889652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.107679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        44959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 44960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14228                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               14228                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        44991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  44992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        44991                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 44992                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               37960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                38006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37968                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               38006                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     82955542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  36104313048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   36187268590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     71227223                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     71227223                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     82955542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  36175540271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    36258495813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     82955542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  36175540271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   36258495813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        82881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             82920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14228                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           14228                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        82959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              82998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        82959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             82998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.457548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.589744                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.589744                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.457672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.457672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2183040.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 952067.745583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953300.015543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1548417.891304                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1548417.891304                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2183040.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 952790.251554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 954020.307662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2183040.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 952790.251554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 954020.307662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               5960                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    5960                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          37960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           38006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          38006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79619142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  32774097372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32853716514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     67188423                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67188423                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79619142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  32841285795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32920904937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79619142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  32841285795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32920904937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.457548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.589744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.589744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.457672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.457672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2095240.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 864250.233954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865482.521444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1460617.891304                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1460617.891304                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2095240.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 864972.761141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866202.834737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2095240.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 864972.761141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866202.834737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        20531                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.527607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         233299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        22579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        10.332566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.254220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.690849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1667.997298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         344.585239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.814452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.168255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 38146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20806                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               20806                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  38309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38308                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 38309                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               20510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                20516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20478                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               20516                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79318397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  17293070470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17372388867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3986701                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3986701                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79318397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  17297057171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    17376375568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79318397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  17297057171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   17376375568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        58617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             58656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20806                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           20806                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        58786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              58825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        58786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             58825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.349250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.035503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.035503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.348348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.348348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2087326.236842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844718.174580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847020.422574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 664450.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 664450.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2087326.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844665.356529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 846967.029050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2087326.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844665.356529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 846967.029050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks              11068                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                   11068                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           20516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          20516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75980835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15495387817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15571368652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3459901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3459901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75980835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15498847718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15574828553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75980835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15498847718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15574828553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.349250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.035503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.348348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.348348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1999495.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 756906.399814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759208.612969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 576650.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 576650.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1999495.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 756853.585213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759155.222899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1999495.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 756853.585213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759155.222899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              527.078444                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012389584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1917404.515152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    37.078444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.059421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12381535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12381535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12381535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12381535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12381535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12381535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     88918032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88918032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     88918032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88918032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     88918032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88918032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12381595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12381595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12381595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12381595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12381595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12381595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1481967.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1481967.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1481967.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1481967.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1481967.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1481967.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56089352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56089352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56089352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56089352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56089352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56089352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1476035.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476035.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1476035.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476035.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1476035.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476035.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                73065                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              180704944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              2464.572824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   234.178143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    21.821857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.914758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.085242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8582035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8582035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7108492                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7108492                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        20327                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20327                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15690527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15690527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15690527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15690527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       190077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1009                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1009                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       191086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191086                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       191086                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83597893060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83597893060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    364257904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    364257904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83962150964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83962150964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83962150964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83962150964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8772112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8772112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        20327                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20327                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15881613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15881613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15881613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15881613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 439810.671780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439810.671780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 361008.824579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 361008.824579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 439394.570842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439394.570842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 439394.570842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439394.570842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       346607                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 173303.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8474                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8474                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       117151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       118021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       118021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       118021                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       118021                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33182250004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33182250004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     33544529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33544529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33215794533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33215794533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33215794533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33215794533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 455012.615583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455012.615583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241327.546763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241327.546763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 454606.097762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454606.097762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 454606.097762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454606.097762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              516.585024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1007704495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1945375.472973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    41.585024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.066643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13441393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13441393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13441393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13441393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13441393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13441393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101885291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101885291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101885291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101885291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101885291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101885291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13441458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13441458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13441458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13441458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13441458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13441458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1567466.015385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1567466.015385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1567466.015385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1567466.015385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1567466.015385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1567466.015385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       338890                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       338890                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77423347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77423347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77423347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77423347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77423347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77423347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1800542.953488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1800542.953488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1800542.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1800542.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1800542.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1800542.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                45099                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              167298890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                45355                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              3688.653732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.627730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.372270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.912608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.087392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9250955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9250955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7785907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7785907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20399                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20399                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18746                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18746                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17036862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17036862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17036862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17036862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       144296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       144296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1000                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1000                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       145296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       145296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       145296                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       145296                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  49442787793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  49442787793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     84317706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     84317706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  49527105499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  49527105499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  49527105499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  49527105499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9395251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9395251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7786907                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7786907                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        20399                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20399                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18746                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18746                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17182158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17182158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17182158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17182158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 342648.360266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342648.360266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84317.706000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84317.706000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 340870.399041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340870.399041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 340870.399041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340870.399041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           10199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        99366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       100197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       100197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        44930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        45099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        45099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13163086270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13163086270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10906055                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10906055                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13173992325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13173992325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13173992325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13173992325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292968.757400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292968.757400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64532.869822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64532.869822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292112.736979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292112.736979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292112.736979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292112.736979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              559.081353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              926787085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1652026.889483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.075233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.006120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.053005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.842959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12968538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12968538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12968538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12968538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12968538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12968538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     89982844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89982844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     89982844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89982844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     89982844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89982844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12968585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12968585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12968585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12968585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12968585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12968585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1914528.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1914528.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1914528.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1914528.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1914528.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1914528.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67805613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67805613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67805613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67805613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67805613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67805613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1994282.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994282.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1994282.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994282.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1994282.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994282.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                58210                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              224851127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                58466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3845.844200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   202.033484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    53.966516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.789193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.210807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19072613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19072613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3658878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3658878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8662                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8662                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     22731491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       22731491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     22731491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      22731491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       205223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       205552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       205552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       205552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       205552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  91132822353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91132822353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     28243190                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28243190                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  91161065543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91161065543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  91161065543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91161065543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19277836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19277836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3659207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3659207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8662                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8662                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     22937043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22937043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     22937043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22937043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 444067.294372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444067.294372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 85845.562310                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85845.562310                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 443493.936050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443493.936050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 443493.936050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443493.936050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        58134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        58210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        58210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18512211505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18512211505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4944131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4944131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18517155636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18517155636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18517155636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18517155636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 318440.353408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318440.353408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65054.355263                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65054.355263                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 318109.528191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318109.528191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 318109.528191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318109.528191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              559.033119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              926777171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1649069.699288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    33.902565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.130554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.054331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12958624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12958624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12958624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12958624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12958624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12958624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80955971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80955971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80955971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80955971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80955971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80955971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12958675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12958675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12958675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12958675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12958675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12958675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1587371.980392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1587371.980392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1587371.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1587371.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1587371.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1587371.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59392363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59392363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59392363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59392363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59392363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59392363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1696924.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1696924.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1696924.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1696924.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1696924.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1696924.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                58087                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              224838577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                58343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3853.736986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   202.035492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    53.964508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.789201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.210799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     19061767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19061767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3657175                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3657175                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8664                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8664                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8584                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8584                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     22718942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       22718942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     22718942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      22718942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       205266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       205591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       205591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       205591                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       205591                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  91974888246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91974888246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     28373141                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28373141                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  92003261387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  92003261387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  92003261387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  92003261387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     19267033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19267033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3657500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3657500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8664                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8664                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8584                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8584                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     22924533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22924533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     22924533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22924533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 448076.584753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448076.584753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 87301.972308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87301.972308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 447506.269180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447506.269180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 447506.269180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447506.269180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            6900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147504                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147504                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        58012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        58087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        58087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18585576030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18585576030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4923701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4923701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18590499731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18590499731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18590499731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18590499731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 320374.681618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320374.681618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 65649.346667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65649.346667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 320045.788748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320045.788748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 320045.788748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320045.788748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              517.067228                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1007726189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1945417.353282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    42.067228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.067415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13463087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13463087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13463087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       13463087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13463087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      13463087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105139383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105139383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105139383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105139383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105139383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105139383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13463144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13463144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13463144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     13463144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13463144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     13463144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1844550.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1844550.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1844550.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1844550.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1844550.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1844550.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290996                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290996                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     84420544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84420544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     84420544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84420544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     84420544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84420544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1963268.465116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1963268.465116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1963268.465116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1963268.465116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1963268.465116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1963268.465116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                45177                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              167325421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                45433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3682.904959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.636987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.363013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.912644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.087356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9264640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9264640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7798697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7798697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20424                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20424                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18777                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18777                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17063337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       17063337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17063337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      17063337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       144466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       144466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       145460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       145460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       145460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       145460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  48606784202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48606784202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     83810363                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83810363                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  48690594565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  48690594565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  48690594565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  48690594565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9409106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9409106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7799691                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7799691                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        20424                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20424                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18777                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18777                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17208797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17208797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17208797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17208797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336458.296084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336458.296084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84316.260563                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84316.260563                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 334735.285061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334735.285061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 334735.285061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334735.285061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10218                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           10218                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        99457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       100283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       100283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        45009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        45177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        45177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12986839030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12986839030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10849248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10849248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12997688278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12997688278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12997688278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12997688278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 288538.715146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288538.715146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64578.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64578.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 287705.874184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287705.874184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 287705.874184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287705.874184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              517.067529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1007727596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1945420.069498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    42.067529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.067416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13464494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13464494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13464494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       13464494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13464494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      13464494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     97889042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97889042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     97889042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97889042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     97889042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97889042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13464552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13464552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13464552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     13464552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13464552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     13464552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1687742.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1687742.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1687742.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1687742.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1687742.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1687742.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       308948                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       308948                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80411804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80411804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80411804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80411804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80411804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80411804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1870041.953488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1870041.953488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1870041.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1870041.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1870041.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1870041.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                45185                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              167327527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                45441                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3682.302920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.634015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.365985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.912633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.087367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      9266120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9266120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7799292                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7799292                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20453                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20453                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18779                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18779                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17065412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       17065412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17065412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      17065412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       144452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       144452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       145454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       145454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       145454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       145454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  48545108088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48545108088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     84543674                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     84543674                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  48629651762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  48629651762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  48629651762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  48629651762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      9410572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9410572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7800294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7800294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        20453                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20453                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18779                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18779                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17210866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17210866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17210866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17210866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 336063.938803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336063.938803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84374.924152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84374.924152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 334330.109602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334330.109602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 334330.109602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334330.109602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10220                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           10220                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        99436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       100269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       100269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        45016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        45185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        45185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12968762277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12968762277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10918645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10918645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12979680922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12979680922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12979680922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12979680922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 288092.284454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288092.284454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64607.366864                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64607.366864                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 287256.410800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287256.410800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 287256.410800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287256.410800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              579.938974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1037056113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1775781.015411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.860646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.078328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.062277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12114787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12114787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12114787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12114787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12114787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12114787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    128750466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    128750466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    128750466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    128750466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    128750466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    128750466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12114847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12114847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12114847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12114847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12114847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12114847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2145841.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2145841.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2145841.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2145841.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2145841.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2145841.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       542219                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 271109.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     90942214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90942214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     90942214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90942214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     90942214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90942214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2218102.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2218102.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2218102.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2218102.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2218102.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2218102.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                82878                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              448649043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                83134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              5396.697416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.913360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.086640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.562838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     31724190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31724190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17369838                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17369838                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8492                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8492                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8474                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8474                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     49094028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       49094028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     49094028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      49094028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       304059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       304372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       304372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       304372                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       304372                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150077295374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 150077295374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    305285446                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    305285446                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150382580820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 150382580820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150382580820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 150382580820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     32028249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32028249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17370151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17370151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8492                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8492                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8474                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8474                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     49398400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49398400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     49398400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49398400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 493579.520337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 493579.520337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 975352.862620                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 975352.862620                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 494074.950455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 494074.950455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 494074.950455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 494074.950455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       638011                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       638011                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14242                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           14242                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       221259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       221494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       221494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        82800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        82878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        82878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  39559820833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39559820833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     82067555                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82067555                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  39641888388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39641888388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  39641888388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39641888388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 477775.613925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477775.613925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1052148.141026                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1052148.141026                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 478316.180265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478316.180265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 478316.180265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478316.180265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              519.124501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1008315213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1939067.717308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    37.124501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.059494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12752767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12752767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12752767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12752767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12752767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12752767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86957843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86957843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86957843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86957843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86957843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86957843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12752816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12752816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12752816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12752816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12752816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12752816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1774649.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1774649.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1774649.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1774649.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1774649.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1774649.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64247076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64247076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64247076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64247076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64247076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64247076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1690712.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1690712.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1690712.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1690712.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1690712.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1690712.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                58952                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              172737633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                59208                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              2917.471169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.935766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.064234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.913812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.086188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8997244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8997244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7609414                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7609414                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18627                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18627                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17514                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17514                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16606658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       16606658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16606658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      16606658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       200647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5961                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5961                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       206608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       206608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       206608                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       206608                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  84389704681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84389704681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3757920308                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3757920308                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  88147624989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88147624989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  88147624989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88147624989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9197891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9197891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7615375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7615375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17514                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17514                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16813266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16813266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16813266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16813266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 420587.921479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420587.921479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 630417.766818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 630417.766818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 426641.877318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426641.877318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 426641.877318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426641.877318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     47841312                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets           105                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 455631.542857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           20782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       141862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       141862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       147655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       147655                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147655                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        58785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        58953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        58953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  20133400414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20133400414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15833205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15833205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  20149233619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20149233619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  20149233619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20149233619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 342492.139389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342492.139389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94245.267857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94245.267857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 341784.703391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341784.703391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 341784.703391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341784.703391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              517.067034                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1007716127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1945397.928571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    42.067034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.067415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13453025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13453025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13453025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       13453025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13453025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      13453025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85251983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85251983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85251983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85251983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85251983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85251983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13453083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13453083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13453083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     13453083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13453083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     13453083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1469861.775862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1469861.775862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1469861.775862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1469861.775862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1469861.775862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1469861.775862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63593631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63593631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63593631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63593631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63593631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63593631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1478921.651163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1478921.651163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1478921.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1478921.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1478921.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1478921.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                45150                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              167312842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                45406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3684.817910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.631019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.368981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9257568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9257568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7793244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7793244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20382                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20382                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17050812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       17050812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17050812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      17050812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       144433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       144433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       145427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       145427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       145427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       145427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  49074473393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  49074473393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     83957825                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83957825                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  49158431218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  49158431218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  49158431218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  49158431218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      9402001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9402001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7794238                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7794238                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        20382                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20382                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18765                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18765                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17196239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17196239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17196239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17196239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339773.274757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339773.274757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84464.612676                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84464.612676                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 338028.228720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338028.228720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 338028.228720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338028.228720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           10210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        99451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       100277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       100277                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100277                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        44982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        45150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        45150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13074751051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13074751051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10857595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10857595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13085608646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13085608646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13085608646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13085608646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 290666.289872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290666.289872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64628.541667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64628.541667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 289825.219181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289825.219181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 289825.219181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289825.219181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              490.639005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1011192947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2055270.217480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    35.639005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.057114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13830427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13830427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13830427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13830427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13830427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13830427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    141292242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    141292242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    141292242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    141292242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    141292242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    141292242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13830476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13830476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13830476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13830476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13830476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13830476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2883515.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2883515.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2883515.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2883515.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2883515.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2883515.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2710242                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       903414                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     91042245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91042245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     91042245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91042245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     91042245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91042245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2460601.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2460601.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2460601.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2460601.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2460601.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2460601.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                40823                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              165634704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                41079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4032.101658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.335375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.664625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.911466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.088534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     11034195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11034195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8196085                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8196085                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        21154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19934                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19934                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     19230280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       19230280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     19230280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      19230280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       105147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       107605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       107605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       107605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       107605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  23837143946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23837143946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    157546535                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157546535                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  23994690481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23994690481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  23994690481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23994690481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     11139342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11139342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8198543                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8198543                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        21154                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21154                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        19934                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19934                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     19337885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19337885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     19337885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19337885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 226703.034285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226703.034285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64095.417006                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64095.417006                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 222988.620241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222988.620241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 222988.620241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222988.620241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           54                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           18                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9695                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            9695                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        64562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        66782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        66782                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66782                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9934672942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9934672942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     17380075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17380075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9952053017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9952053017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9952053017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9952053017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244786.816361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244786.816361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 73025.525210                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73025.525210                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 243785.439997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243785.439997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 243785.439997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243785.439997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              491.484604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1011206444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2051128.689655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    36.484604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.058469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13843924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13843924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13843924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13843924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13843924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13843924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    146933253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146933253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    146933253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146933253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    146933253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146933253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13843974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13843974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13843974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13843974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13843974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13843974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2938665.060000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2938665.060000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2938665.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2938665.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2938665.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2938665.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2730195                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 682548.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     96112382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96112382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     96112382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96112382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     96112382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96112382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2529273.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2529273.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2529273.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2529273.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2529273.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2529273.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                40908                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              165653516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                41164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4024.232728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.332597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.667403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.911455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.088545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     11044009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11044009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8204858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8204858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        21357                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21357                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19248867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       19248867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19248867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      19248867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       105334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       107757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       107757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       107757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       107757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23560965407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23560965407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    155900040                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    155900040                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23716865447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23716865447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23716865447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23716865447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     11149343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11149343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8207281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8207281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        21357                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21357                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19356624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19356624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19356624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19356624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 223678.635645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223678.635645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64341.741643                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64341.741643                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 220095.821589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220095.821589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 220095.821589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220095.821589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        20569                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 10284.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9721                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            9721                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        64663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        66849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        66849                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66849                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9813275490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9813275490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     17281064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17281064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9830556554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9830556554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9830556554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9830556554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 241284.342406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241284.342406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 72915.881857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72915.881857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 240308.901780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240308.901780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 240308.901780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240308.901780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              578.972246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1037067979                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1775801.333904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.759430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   540.212815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.062114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.865726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12126653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12126653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12126653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12126653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12126653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12126653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    125987854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125987854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    125987854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125987854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    125987854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125987854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12126716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12126716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12126716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12126716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12126716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12126716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1999807.206349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1999807.206349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1999807.206349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1999807.206349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1999807.206349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1999807.206349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95452024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95452024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95452024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95452024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95452024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95452024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2328098.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2328098.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2328098.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2328098.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2328098.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2328098.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                82891                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              448664257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                83147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5396.036622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.912222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.087778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     31734708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31734708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17374534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17374534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8476                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8476                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     49109242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       49109242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     49109242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      49109242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       303637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       303637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       303923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       303923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       303923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       303923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149419951014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 149419951014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    257407376                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    257407376                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149677358390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 149677358390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149677358390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 149677358390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     32038345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32038345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17374820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17374820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49413165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49413165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49413165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49413165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 492100.603727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492100.603727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 900025.790210                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 900025.790210                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 492484.472679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492484.472679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 492484.472679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492484.472679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14242                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           14242                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       220822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       220822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       221030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       221030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39455018797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39455018797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     76096570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76096570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39531115367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39531115367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39531115367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39531115367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 476423.580233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476423.580233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 975597.051282                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 975597.051282                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 476893.288541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476893.288541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 476893.288541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476893.288541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              528.954357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1012382230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1910155.150943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.954357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.062427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12374181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12374181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12374181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12374181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12374181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12374181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    151877721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151877721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    151877721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151877721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    151877721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151877721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12374250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12374250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12374250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12374250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12374250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12374250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2201126.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2201126.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2201126.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2201126.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2201126.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2201126.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85498361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85498361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85498361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85498361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85498361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85498361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2137459.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2137459.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2137459.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2137459.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2137459.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2137459.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                72954                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              180684126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                73210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2468.025215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.187029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.812971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.914793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.085207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8570010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8570010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7099508                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7099508                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20539                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20539                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16567                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16567                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15669518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15669518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15669518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15669518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       190061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1023                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1023                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       191084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       191084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       191084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       191084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  84094635089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84094635089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    388729570                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    388729570                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  84483364659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84483364659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  84483364659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84483364659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8760071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8760071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7100531                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7100531                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        20539                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20539                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16567                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16567                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15860602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15860602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15860602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15860602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 442461.289212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442461.289212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 379989.804497                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 379989.804497                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 442126.837721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442126.837721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 442126.837721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442126.837721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        92965                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        92965                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8464                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8464                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       117245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       118130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       118130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       118130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       118130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  33181774884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33181774884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     34363165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34363165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  33216138049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33216138049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  33216138049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33216138049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 455693.458635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455693.458635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 249008.442029                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249008.442029                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 455302.492653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455302.492653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 455302.492653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455302.492653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              580.751178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1037086985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1772798.264957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    39.709952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.041226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.063638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12145659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12145659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12145659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12145659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12145659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12145659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           67                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           67                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    114763702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114763702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    114763702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114763702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    114763702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114763702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12145726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12145726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12145726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12145726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12145726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12145726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1712891.074627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1712891.074627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1712891.074627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1712891.074627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1712891.074627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1712891.074627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       701089                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       701089                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     82284524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82284524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     82284524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82284524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     82284524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82284524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1959155.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1959155.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1959155.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1959155.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1959155.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1959155.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                83104                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              448789176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                83360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              5383.747313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.912162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.087838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     31814951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31814951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17419160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17419160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8498                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8498                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     49234111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       49234111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     49234111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      49234111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       304607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       304918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       304918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       304918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       304918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149062023185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 149062023185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    286092047                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    286092047                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149348115232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 149348115232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149348115232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 149348115232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     32119558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32119558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17419471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17419471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     49539029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49539029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     49539029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49539029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 489358.495323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489358.495323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 919910.118971                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919910.118971                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 489797.634879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489797.634879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 489797.634879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489797.634879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1219743                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1219743                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           14345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       221580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       221813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       221813                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221813                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        83027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        83027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        83105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        83105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  39293432663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39293432663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     75815605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75815605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  39369248268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39369248268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  39369248268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39369248268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 473260.899021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473260.899021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 971994.935897                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 971994.935897                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 473728.996667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473728.996667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 473728.996667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473728.996667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              578.223699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1037064962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1781898.560137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    37.182337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.041362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.059587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.867053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12123636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12123636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12123636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12123636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12123636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12123636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    108729980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108729980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    108729980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    108729980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    108729980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    108729980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12123690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12123690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12123690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12123690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12123690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12123690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2013518.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2013518.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2013518.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2013518.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2013518.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2013518.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       965944                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       482972                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83372954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83372954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83372954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83372954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83372954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83372954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2137768.051282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2137768.051282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2137768.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2137768.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2137768.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2137768.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                82959                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              448689037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                83215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              5391.924977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.912604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.087396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.437159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.562841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     31749127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31749127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17384882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17384882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     49134009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       49134009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     49134009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      49134009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       304184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       304481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       304481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       304481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       304481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149882602315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 149882602315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    259556076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    259556076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150142158391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 150142158391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150142158391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 150142158391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     32053311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32053311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17385179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17385179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8499                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8499                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     49438490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49438490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     49438490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49438490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 492736.640701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492736.640701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 873926.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873926.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 493108.464538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493108.464538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 493108.464538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493108.464538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14228                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           14228                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       221303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       221522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       221522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        82881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        82959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        82959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  39489783612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39489783612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     73728464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73728464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  39563512076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39563512076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  39563512076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39563512076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 476463.648025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476463.648025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 945236.717949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 945236.717949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 476904.399474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476904.399474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 476904.399474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476904.399474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              519.363970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1008319755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1935354.616123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.363970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.059878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12757309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12757309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12757309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12757309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12757309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12757309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    104601997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104601997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    104601997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104601997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    104601997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104601997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12757363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12757363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12757363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12757363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12757363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12757363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1937074.018519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1937074.018519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1937074.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1937074.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1937074.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1937074.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79714441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79714441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79714441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79714441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79714441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79714441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2043960.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043960.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2043960.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043960.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2043960.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043960.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                58786                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              172737524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                59042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2925.671962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.935055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.064945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.913809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.086191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8994193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8994193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7612382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7612382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18593                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18593                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17522                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17522                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16606575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       16606575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16606575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      16606575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       200609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       206529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       206529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       206529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       206529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  84285955687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84285955687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3685289786                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3685289786                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  87971245473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  87971245473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  87971245473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  87971245473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      9194802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9194802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7618302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7618302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18593                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18593                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17522                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17522                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16813104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16813104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16813104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16813104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000777                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000777                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 420150.420405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420150.420405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 622515.166554                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 622515.166554                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 425951.055169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425951.055169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 425951.055169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425951.055169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     48514428                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets            99                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 490044.727273                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20806                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           20806                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       141992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       141992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147743                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147743                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        58617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        58786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        58786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19971858368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19971858368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     14638211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14638211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19986496579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19986496579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19986496579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19986496579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 340717.852637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340717.852637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 86616.633136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86616.633136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 339987.353775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339987.353775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 339987.353775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339987.353775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
