
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106600                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106599668649                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               631427262186                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 311379                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   394304                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1901276                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67608164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56067.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17458216001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22107620918                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      3566848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4016384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2654336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1869440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2589312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1844224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1448320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1431680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2499712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2603648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4154880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2525184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1828224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2451584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2598656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1410304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             39570816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     13666944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          13666944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        27866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        31378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        20737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        14605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        20229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        14408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        11315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        11185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        19529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        20341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        32460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        19728                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        14283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        19153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        20302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        11018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                309147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          106773                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               106773                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     33460217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        46829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     37677265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        45629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24900040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        48030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17537015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        40826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     24290057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        46829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17300467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        46829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13586534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        45629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13430436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        46829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23449529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     24424541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        49231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     38976481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        40826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23688479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        46829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17150372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        46829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     22998045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        43227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     24377712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        46829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13229910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               371209559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        46829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        45629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        48030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        40826                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        46829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        46829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        45629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        46829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        49231                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        40826                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        46829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        46829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        43227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        46829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             732460                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         128208128                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              128208128                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         128208128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     33460217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        46829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     37677265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        45629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24900040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        48030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17537015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        40826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     24290057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        46829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17300467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        46829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13586534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        45629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13430436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        46829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23449529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        45629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     24424541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        49231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     38976481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        40826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23688479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        46829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17150372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        46829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     22998045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        43227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     24377712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        46829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13229910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              499417687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              255634698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20720122                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16945282                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024880                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8634094                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8183733                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2133494                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89941                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201286831                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117563207                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20720122                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10317227                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24641991                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5871378                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      3499882                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12375525                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2040982                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    233230786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      208588795     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1334193      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2110664      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3365330      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1390154      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1558592      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1658027      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1087727      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12137304      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    233230786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081054                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.459888                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      199437019                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5364166                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24565629                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        62351                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3801618                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3397081                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          465                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143579667                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         3026                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3801618                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      199739540                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1724982                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      2756144                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24331087                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       877410                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143502393                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents        25502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       246918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       331165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        40230                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199239114                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    667544644                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    667544644                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170241819                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       28997272                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        36563                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20100                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2644748                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13679955                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7350566                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221750                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1670470                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143316591                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36668                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135715006                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166736                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18084914                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40090496                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3463                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233230786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176006390     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22968463      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12563893      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8556678      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8005096      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2302797      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1797657      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       610084      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       419728      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233230786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31600     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        98007     38.73%     51.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123430     48.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113693088     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2143873      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12545590      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7315994      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135715006                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.530894                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            253037                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505080570                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161439671                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133532321                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135968043                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       409780                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2443557                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          326                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1536                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       207549                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8458                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3801618                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1156792                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121378                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143353398                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        23802                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13679955                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7350566                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20082                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89276                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1536                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1186992                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151787                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2338779                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133781667                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11798902                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1933338                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19113250                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18823015                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7314348                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523331                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133533351                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133532321                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        78071517                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       203965225                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522356                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382769                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122574596                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20779031                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33205                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2067812                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229429168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179665798     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24100150     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9383942      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5053891      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3786216      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2113749      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1303145      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1165806      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2856471      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229429168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122574596                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18379415                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11236398                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17595165                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110448789                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2490081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2856471                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          369925648                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290509086                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3247438                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              22403912                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122574596                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.556347                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.556347                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.391183                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.391183                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      603312699                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     185101261                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     133914141                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              255634698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19898809                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17956954                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1040149                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7483558                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7120399                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1099910                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46109                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210948506                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            125169546                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19898809                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      8220309                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24759594                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       3264718                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      5055994                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12105648                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1045409                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    242962677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      218203083     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         886954      0.37%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1810056      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         759296      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        4119319      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3663002      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         706935      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1480439      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11333593      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    242962677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077841                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.489642                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      209780639                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      6236645                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24669379                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        77936                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      2198075                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1745413                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          508                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    146782131                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2753                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      2198075                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      209989107                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       4505138                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1075577                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24553768                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       641009                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    146705739                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           99                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       277483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       231579                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3277                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    172214177                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    691029587                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    691029587                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    152922218                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       19291954                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        17044                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8606                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1617988                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     34634005                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     17519335                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160664                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       848370                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        146424251                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17096                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       140836400                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73299                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11197327                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26837063                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           94                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242962677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192944549     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14953668      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12300603      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5316728      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6737324      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6534071      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3701276      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       291629      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182829      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242962677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        356588     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2781207     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80535      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88333132     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1230732      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8436      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33782421     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17481679     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    140836400                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.550928                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3218330                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022852                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527927106                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157642248                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139637371                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    144054730                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       254005                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1324126                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          555                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3582                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102701                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12471                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      2198075                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       4135465                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185829                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146441448                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1400                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34634005                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17519335                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8608                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126943                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           73                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3582                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       605457                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614956                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1220413                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139853235                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33668851                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       983165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 101                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           51149118                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18325819                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         17480267                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.547082                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            139641878                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           139637371                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        75420844                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       148569549                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.546238                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507647                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113505567                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    133387883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13068032                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17002                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1063040                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240764602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192416168     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17629494      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8275464      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8183832      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2226734      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9523605      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       712094      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       519248      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1277963      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240764602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    113505567                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    133387883                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             50726513                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            33309879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8488                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17614657                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       118613846                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1292028                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1277963                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          385942216                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         295110154                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4624812                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              12672021                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         113505567                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           133387883                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    113505567                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.252178                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.252178                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.444015                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.444015                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      691426253                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     162130115                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     174818320                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16976                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              255634698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20775839                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17038243                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2033024                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8589817                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8124013                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2131231                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91537                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198247022                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            118086430                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20775839                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10255244                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            25977787                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5767608                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      6724310                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12212203                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2017716                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    234652070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      208674283     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        2812854      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3255381      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        1790002      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2077436      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1131945      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         768344      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        2013421      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       12128404      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    234652070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081272                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461934                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      196663967                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      8338165                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        25770979                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       195063                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3683894                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3371494                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        19051                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    144161514                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        94459                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3683894                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      196967897                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2883261                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      4597515                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        25675061                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       844440                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    144070174                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       221254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       392708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    200228757                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    670844301                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    670844301                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    171013280                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       29215477                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        37739                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21080                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2263279                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     13746433                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7488852                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197677                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1658820                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        143855162                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37831                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       135938564                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187325                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17966228                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41595661                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4242                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234652070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177376122     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23034541      9.82%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12375096      5.27%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8570571      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7493756      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3838815      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       917407      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597519      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       448243      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234652070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35551     12.07%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       126712     43.03%     55.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132227     44.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113794111     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2127769      1.57%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16654      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12560606      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7439424      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    135938564                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531769                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            294490                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507011013                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161860491                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133697803                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    136233054                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       344891                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2415076                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          655                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1272                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       157333                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8330                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3683894                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2395354                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       146441                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143893133                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55718                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13746433                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7488852                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21056                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103687                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1272                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1178284                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1142050                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2320334                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133945819                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11797632                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1992745                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 140                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           19235419                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18743501                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7437787                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.523974                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            133700002                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           133697803                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        79471075                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       208168536                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.523003                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381763                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100423241                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    123207113                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20687345                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33589                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2044806                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230968176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180642339     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23338147     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9775337      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5878582      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4070184      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2627166      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1363700      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1097988      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2174733      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230968176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    100423241                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    123207113                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             18662876                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11331357                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             16758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17632998                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       111076222                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2506666                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2174733                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          372687225                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         291472887                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3034198                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              20982628                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         100423241                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           123207113                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    100423241                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.545573                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.545573                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392839                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392839                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      604219723                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     185566252                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     134531932                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        33558                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              255634698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       21042138                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17217132                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2061565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8850104                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8293779                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2176382                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93904                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202910360                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            117604541                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          21042138                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10470161                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24566704                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5603759                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4812860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12413554                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2063237                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    235805365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      211238661     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1152307      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1822261      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2466257      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2535095      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2145549      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1198009      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1785228      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11461998      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    235805365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082313                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.460049                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      200847602                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      6892858                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24522892                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        26946                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3515064                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3463231                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    144337004                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1987                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3515064                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      201399062                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1429004                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      4203698                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24005382                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1253152                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    144283195                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       171513                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       546167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    201359754                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    671184259                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    671184259                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    174831787                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       26527966                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        36234                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19047                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3754695                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13518697                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7322251                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        86279                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1681340                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        144109268                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36365                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       136978498                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18781                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15733839                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37510607                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1704                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235805365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177854159     75.42%     75.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23815876     10.10%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12078291      5.12%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9112659      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7155552      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2888351      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1825073      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       949570      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125834      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235805365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25500     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83438     36.63%     47.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118862     52.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115207334     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2039193      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17184      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12416070      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7298717      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    136978498                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.535837                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227800                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510008942                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159880033                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134912429                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    137206298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       276738                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2161032                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          564                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96837                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3515064                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1143787                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122681                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144145779                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52676                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13518697                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7322251                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19051                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103810                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          564                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1202502                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153570                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2356072                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135076788                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11681620                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1901710                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18980048                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19202356                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7298428                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.528398                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            134912720                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           134912429                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        77446842                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       208671491                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527755                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371142                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101915212                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    125405492                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18740316                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34661                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2087565                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232290301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180885452     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25460530     10.96%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9637559      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4585353      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3853631      1.66%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2218940      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1954501      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       877125      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2817210      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232290301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    101915212                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    125405492                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18583079                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11357665                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17292                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18083554                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       112988946                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2582370                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2817210                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          373618197                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         291806742                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3076167                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              19829333                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         101915212                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           125405492                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    101915212                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.508308                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.508308                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398675                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398675                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      607962202                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     187944972                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     133795508                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        34630                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              255634698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19381215                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17307658                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1545143                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12981251                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12659611                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1163191                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46917                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204935773                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            110066457                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19381215                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     13822802                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24545848                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5061739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      3122907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12396753                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1516716                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    236112463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522279                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      211566615     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        3742998      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1887938      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3704950      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1188032      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3430755      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         540373      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         871703      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        9179099      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    236112463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.075816                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.430561                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      202460899                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      5644550                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24497494                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        19734                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3489782                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1828521                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        18129                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    123122688                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        34340                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3489782                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      202737399                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       3413724                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1383719                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24241620                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       846215                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    122944505                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        95668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       677427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    161127206                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    557191304                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    557191304                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    130739349                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       30387837                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        16512                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8359                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1835692                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     22186279                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      3599226                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23360                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       818223                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        122311362                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16573                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       114562572                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74218                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22008827                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45065348                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236112463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185841381     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15880568      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16795279      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9752719      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5028376      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1257515      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1492983      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34824      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28818      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236112463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192033     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78526     23.43%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64646     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89832919     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897930      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8153      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20254796     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3568774      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    114562572                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.448150                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335205                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465647030                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144337061                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111658338                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    114897777                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89652                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4514910                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          309                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81717                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3489782                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2320678                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104069                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122328022                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15272                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22186279                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3599226                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8359                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41076                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2254                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          309                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044318                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593104                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1637422                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113112229                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19964788                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1450343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           23533373                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17196176                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          3568585                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.442476                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            111683803                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           111658338                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        67569981                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       147129370                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.436789                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.459256                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88969349                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    100162110                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22170895                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16444                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1535460                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232622681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301362                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195332265     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14649239      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9413012      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2963640      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4918154      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       958472      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607867      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556507      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3223525      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232622681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     88969349                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    100162110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             21188873                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            17671364                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              8204                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15368210                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        87532277                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1252157                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3223525                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          351731823                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         248158583                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4555383                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              19522235                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          88969349                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           100162110                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     88969349                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.873290                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.873290                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.348033                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.348033                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      525786282                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     145486920                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     130774566                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        16428                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              255634698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       21048194                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17221267                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2060747                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8889713                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8300838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2177365                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94131                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202949376                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            117632883                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          21048194                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10478203                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24575608                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5599772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      4788554                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12415034                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2062169                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    235825788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954303                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      211250180     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1150934      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1826082      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2468913      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2537292      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        2145121      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1198892      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1783229      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11465145      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    235825788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082337                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.460160                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      200885758                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      6869633                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24531850                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        26666                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3511878                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3464912                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    144372128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1960                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3511878                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      201436546                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1423745                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      4186567                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24014998                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1252051                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    144319484                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       170999                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       545938                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    201395861                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    671359022                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    671359022                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    174901789                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       26494072                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        36183                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18990                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         3744096                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13522805                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7324973                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85932                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1746282                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        144147770                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36312                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       137025622                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18761                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15721217                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37465616                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1634                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235825788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177806011     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23883775     10.13%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12096555      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9100620      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7147800      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2891336      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1824528      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       949475      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125688      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235825788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25458     11.16%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83417     36.58%     47.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       119170     52.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115246521     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2040465      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17191      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12420003      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7301442      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    137025622                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.536021                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            228045                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510123838                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159905877                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134966137                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    137253667                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       279130                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2160620                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          135                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          583                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96683                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3511878                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1139183                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122813                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144184226                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13522805                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7324973                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18992                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103761                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          583                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1202993                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1152422                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2355415                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135129881                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11687380                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1895741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18988530                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19210449                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7301150                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.528605                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            134966370                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           134966137                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        77475917                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       208747618                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.527965                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371146                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101955978                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    125455568                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18728704                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34678                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2086763                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232313910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180846797     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25510893     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9636147      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4589557      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3880654      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2221131      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1938206      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       877997      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2812528      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232313910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    101955978                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    125455568                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18590475                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11362185                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             17300                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         18090727                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       113034106                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2583398                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2812528                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          373684952                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         291880487                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3075767                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              19808910                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         101955978                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           125455568                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    101955978                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.507305                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.507305                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.398835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.398835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      608208134                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     188013644                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     133831884                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        34648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              255634698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       23165229                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19283407                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2100961                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8806872                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8464854                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2491870                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97722                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201501588                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            127088331                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          23165229                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10956724                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            26483464                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5848354                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      6800215                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12509946                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2008230                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    238513562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      212030098     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1625936      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2036481      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3258366      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1372069      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1758054      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        2047129      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         941068      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13444361      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    238513562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090618                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.497148                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      200314742                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      8101111                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        26357389                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        12579                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3727740                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3530109                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          555                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    155338535                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2361                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3727740                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      200518190                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        652146                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      6881761                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        26166467                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       567250                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    154381135                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        81837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       395494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    215608721                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    717889985                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    717889985                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    180496882                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       35111839                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        37439                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19539                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1994221                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     14443764                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7565200                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85018                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1714502                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        150734496                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37576                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       144646148                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147172                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18210287                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37035358                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1470                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238513562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177227426     74.30%     74.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27949223     11.72%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11431416      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6402937      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8675101      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2675164      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2628425      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1412452      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111418      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238513562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        997383     79.05%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       135334     10.73%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128958     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121854092     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1977093      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17900      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13254870      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7542193      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    144646148                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.565831                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1261675                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529214705                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168983059                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140887397                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    145907823                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107452                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2712447                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          703                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       110505                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           50                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3727740                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        496742                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62650                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150772079                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117528                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14443764                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7565200                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19539                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54720                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          703                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1242592                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1182712                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2425304                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142131896                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13038387                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2514252                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           20579893                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       20102943                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7541506                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.555996                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            140887850                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           140887397                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        84396259                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       226694078                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.551128                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372291                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105008689                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    129395101                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21377624                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36106                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2118978                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234785822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.551120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180024371     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27751639     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10074812      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5021126      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4591739      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1929181      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908227      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909579      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2575148      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234785822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    105008689                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    129395101                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             19186012                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11731317                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             18012                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         18755534                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       116497691                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2671976                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2575148                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          382982671                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         305273205                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3050771                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              17121136                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         105008689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           129395101                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    105008689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.434415                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.434415                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.410776                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.410776                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      639525702                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     196854868                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     143681402                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        36076                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              255634698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       23166917                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19288657                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2103127                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8795331                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8467845                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2492814                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97752                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201518800                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            127093616                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          23166917                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10960659                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            26491965                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5856619                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      6844108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12512804                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2010540                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    238589252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      212097287     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1625414      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2042053      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3260029      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1374222      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1757638      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        2046580      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         937709      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       13448320      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    238589252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090625                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.497169                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      200331344                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      8145889                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        26365711                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        12485                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3733822                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3526664                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          557                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    155363654                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2314                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3733822                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      200534993                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        651284                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      6926677                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        26174599                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       567869                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    154404074                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        81595                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       396345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    215643464                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    718017501                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    718017501                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    180485664                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       35157796                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        37310                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19411                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1996965                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     14463026                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7560941                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85104                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1713211                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        150753095                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37443                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       144638095                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       145577                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18252320                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37180718                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1342                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238589252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177306614     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27945357     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11429891      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6406541      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8676871      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2673421      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2626323      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1413066      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111168      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238589252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        996404     78.98%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       136337     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128925     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121851968     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1977000      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17899      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13253219      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7538009      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    144638095                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.565800                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1261666                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008723                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529272685                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169043567                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140879766                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    145899761                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107431                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2732417                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          711                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106692                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           31                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3733822                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        496157                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62252                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150790546                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       118704                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14463026                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7560941                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19410                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54220                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          711                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1244717                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1183334                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2428051                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142124972                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13037825                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2513123                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           20575147                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       20100366                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7537322                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.555969                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            140880229                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           140879766                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        84408289                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       226758248                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.551098                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372239                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105002174                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    129387134                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21404016                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36101                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2121152                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234855430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180095967     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27752383     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10073629      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5021161      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4591088      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1926427      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1910516      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909645      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2574614      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234855430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    105002174                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    129387134                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             19184858                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11730609                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             18010                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18754388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       116490523                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2671819                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2574614                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          383071238                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         305316142                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3055679                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              17045446                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         105002174                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           129387134                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    105002174                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.434566                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.434566                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.410751                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.410751                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      639491132                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     196855593                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     143681390                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        36070                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              255634698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20789532                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17045892                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2035076                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8703836                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8134396                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134738                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91410                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198512596                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            118139716                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20789532                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10269134                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            25990312                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5761048                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      6464611                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12226306                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2019427                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    234661935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      208671623     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2814875      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        3249473      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1793201      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2079511      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1139000      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         772996      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        2016283      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12124973      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    234661935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081325                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.462143                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      196916153                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      8091328                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        25783404                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       195693                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3675355                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3376786                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        19058                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    144226220                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        94578                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3675355                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      197220616                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2881306                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      4349134                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        25687593                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       847929                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    144138809                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          247                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       221509                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       394980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    200313247                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    671135365                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    671135365                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    171238459                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       29074757                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        37941                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21222                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2274108                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13756862                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7500713                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       198494                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1662269                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        143932859                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38035                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       136096515                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       189461                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17871348                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41197469                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4402                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234661935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177312420     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23070393      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12396545      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8573368      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7496025      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3845982      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       919722      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       599254      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       448226      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234661935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35803     12.21%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125291     42.73%     54.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132135     45.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113922307     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2127421      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16676      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12581970      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7448141      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    136096515                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.532387                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            293229                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002155                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507337654                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161843516                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133851773                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    136389744                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       344068                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2410552                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          796                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1278                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       159499                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8337                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3675355                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2385424                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       146501                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143971019                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49384                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13756862                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7500713                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21234                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104018                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1278                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181034                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1140993                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2322027                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134101227                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11818080                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1995287                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 125                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           19264448                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18767880                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7446368                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.524581                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            133853813                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           133851773                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        79553310                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       208356620                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.523606                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381813                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100555555                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    123369458                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20602831                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33633                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2046768                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230986580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180595338     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23364050     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9790945      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5888979      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4073918      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2633708      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1362962      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1098843      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2177837      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230986580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    100555555                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    123369458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18687521                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11346307                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             16780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17656244                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       111222576                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2509971                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2177837                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          372780356                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         291620031                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3038897                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              20972763                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         100555555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           123369458                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    100555555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.542224                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.542224                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393356                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393356                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      604938491                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     185771506                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     134609320                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        33602                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              255634698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20788526                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17046487                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2033209                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8613221                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8129773                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2132444                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91374                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198365625                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            118155120                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20788526                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10262217                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25989489                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5766531                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      6540190                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12217840                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2017810                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    234597144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      208607655     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        2814463      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        3252497      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        1790874      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2079266      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1134054      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         771166      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        2015035      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12132134      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    234597144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081321                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.462203                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      196774817                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      8161394                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25783279                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles       194813                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3682839                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3375746                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        18996                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    144237450                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        93835                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3682839                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      197078862                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2925767                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      4374282                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        25686901                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       848491                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    144149608                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       223337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       394840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    200328297                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    671203606                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    671203606                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    171126517                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       29201766                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        37612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20921                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2270041                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13751166                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7498812                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197728                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1660901                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        143936588                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37691                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       136034101                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187629                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17962459                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41528958                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4078                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234597144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269281                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177279042     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23051605      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12385736      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8577556      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7495582      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3844094      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       917256      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       598162      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       448111      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234597144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36116     12.29%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125712     42.80%     55.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131922     44.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113868586     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2128675      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16665      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12574368      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7445807      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    136034101                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.532143                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            293750                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507146724                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161938022                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133793339                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    136327851                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       344958                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2412306                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          885                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1287                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       162412                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8334                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3682839                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2424393                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       148581                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143974402                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52964                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13751166                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7498812                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20900                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105116                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1287                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1178427                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1141996                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2320423                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134042451                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11810865                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1991649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 123                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           19254881                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18757423                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7444016                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.524352                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            133795399                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           133793339                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        79520835                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       208279153                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.523377                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381799                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100489863                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    123288726                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20686975                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2044874                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230914305                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180556168     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23350742     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9784153      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5881540      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4072446      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2631475      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1362973      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1098403      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2176405      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230914305                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    100489863                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    123288726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18675260                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11338860                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16770                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17644639                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       111149822                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2508319                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2176405                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          372712925                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         291634331                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3036551                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              21037554                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         100489863                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           123288726                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    100489863                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.543885                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.543885                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.393099                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.393099                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      604663317                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     185693572                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     134617185                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        33582                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              255634698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19864779                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17925518                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1045917                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7439507                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7110810                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1098482                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46279                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210717090                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            124910184                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19864779                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      8209292                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24707797                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       3268243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      5050841                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12097341                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1051025                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    242672149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      217964352     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         879798      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1798745      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         757383      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        4111509      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3662136      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         712427      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1486930      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11298869      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    242672149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077708                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.488628                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      209535147                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      6245918                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24617106                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        78066                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      2195909                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1743201                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          512                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    146510539                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2807                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      2195909                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      209749724                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       4500364                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1076510                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24495568                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       654071                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    146434272                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       277599                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       237706                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3789                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    171895405                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    689741726                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    689741726                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    152609045                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       19286354                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        17004                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8584                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1659349                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     34583880                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     17486934                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160264                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       848498                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        146146948                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17055                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       140602492                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74244                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11163252                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26624816                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           89                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242672149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192726754     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14947927      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12277701      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5303046      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6724613      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6517617      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3700719      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       291002      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182770      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242672149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        355927     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2777233     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80317      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88200803     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1224112      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8418      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33720015     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17449144     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    140602492                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.550013                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3213477                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022855                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527164854                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157330777                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139392598                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    143815969                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252298                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340571                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          539                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3528                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105192                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12452                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      2195909                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       4130716                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185743                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146164083                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1236                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34583880                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17486934                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8585                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126662                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           79                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3528                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       610087                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       616781                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1226868                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139609000                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33603219                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       993492                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  80                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           51051009                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       18292306                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         17447790                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.546127                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            139397009                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           139392598                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        75285238                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       148368327                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.545280                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507421                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113274714                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    133116423                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13062430                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16966                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1068788                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240476240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192225705     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17593898      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8262317      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8161970      3.39%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2223021      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9503420      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       713310      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       517855      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1274744      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240476240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    113274714                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    133116423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             50625043                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            33243306                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8470                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17578718                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       118372418                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1289338                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1274744                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          385380011                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         294553860                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4624003                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              12962549                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         113274714                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           133116423                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    113274714                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.256768                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.256768                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.443112                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.443112                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      690202372                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     161867775                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     174462864                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        16940                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              255634698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19394464                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17318027                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1546070                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12994109                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12668243                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1164889                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46875                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205039106                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            110132961                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19394464                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13833132                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24563050                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5064223                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      3109132                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles            3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           33                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12403664                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1517648                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    236220774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      211657724     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3745966      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1891363      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3707234      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1188021      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3432928      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         540828      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         871514      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        9185196      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    236220774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075868                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.430822                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      202559520                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      5635450                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24514872                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19629                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3491299                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1830973                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        18153                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    123200554                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        34354                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3491299                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      202836372                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3404955                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1382578                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24259100                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       846466                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    123024167                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          236                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        95363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       678203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    161241797                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    557558611                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    557558611                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    130834117                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       30407670                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16521                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8361                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1835427                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     22193026                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3603135                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23229                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       816966                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        122389577                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16581                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       114639573                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73905                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22016363                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45067132                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236220774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185916438     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15892330      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16803023      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9760658      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5031746      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1259814      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1493017      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34917      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28831      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236220774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192110     57.28%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78490     23.40%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64768     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89896536     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898685      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8161      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20263545     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3572646      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    114639573                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.448451                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335368                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465909192                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144422826                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111733060                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    114974941                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89914                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4512332                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          109                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          313                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3491299                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2309284                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104327                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122406250                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15819                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22193026                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3603135                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8360                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41052                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2367                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          313                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045303                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593133                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1638436                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113184950                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19972043                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1454622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           23544484                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17208128                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3572441                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.442761                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            111758579                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           111733060                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        67615876                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       147238273                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.437081                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.459228                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89028923                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    100232208                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22179008                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16459                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1536378                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232729475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195410772     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14663079      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9418625      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2965272      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4921582      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959304      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608233      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557047      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3225561      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232729475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     89028923                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    100232208                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             21201466                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            17680691                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15378644                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        87594470                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1253311                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3225561                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          351914792                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         248316495                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4557453                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              19413924                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          89028923                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           100232208                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     89028923                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.871367                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.871367                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.348266                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.348266                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      526118619                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     145587682                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     130852896                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              255634698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       21049325                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17222696                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2062788                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8865378                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8295540                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2177636                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94155                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202966565                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            117643032                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          21049325                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10473176                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24573738                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5608119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      4794842                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12417692                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2064379                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    235853709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      211279971     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1151945      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1822983      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2466645      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2536959      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        2145967      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1196661      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1784411      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11468167      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    235853709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082341                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460200                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      200901957                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      6876849                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24530136                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        26576                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3518188                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3464630                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    144383161                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1969                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3518188                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      201453764                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1427689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      4188801                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24012099                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1253165                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    144329846                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       170441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       546796                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    201417107                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    671398388                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    671398388                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    174869331                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       26547739                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        36242                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19051                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         3754118                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13523332                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7323602                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85603                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1679811                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        144156130                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36368                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       137020365                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18796                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15746106                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37529446                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1699                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235853709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177888397     75.42%     75.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23819607     10.10%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12081133      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9114952      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7157783      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2889995      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1826306      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       949595      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125941      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235853709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25684     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83451     36.60%     47.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118852     52.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115244568     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2039950      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17188      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12418761      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7299898      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    137020365                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.536001                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227987                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510141218                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159939173                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134953725                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    137248352                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       277890                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2163226                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          138                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          571                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96635                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3518188                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1143434                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122406                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144192647                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        51804                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13523332                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7323602                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19054                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103544                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          571                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1202110                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1155219                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2357329                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135117865                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11685600                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1902496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 149                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18985218                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19208631                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7299618                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.528558                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            134953972                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           134953725                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        77473047                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       208740712                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.527916                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371145                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101937069                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    125432384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18760280                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34669                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2088796                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232335521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180918504     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25467082     10.96%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9638099      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4588274      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3853641      1.66%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2220496      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1955303      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       877556      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2816566      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232335521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    101937069                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    125432384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18587073                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11360106                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             17296                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         18087415                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       113013202                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2582927                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2816566                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          373710917                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         291903593                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3077845                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              19780989                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         101937069                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           125432384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    101937069                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.507770                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.507770                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.398761                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.398761                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      608150064                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     187998713                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     133838800                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        34638                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              255634698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20812082                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17067381                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2036147                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8624495                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8140888                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2135373                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91686                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198584729                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            118282057                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20812082                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10276261                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            26018586                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5773843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      6428563                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12231411                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2020411                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    234738077                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      208719491     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        2817542      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        3258933      1.39%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        1793613      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2080319      0.89%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1134501      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         774849      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        2016468      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12142361      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    234738077                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081413                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.462700                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      196991207                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      8052642                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        25811335                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       195745                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3687146                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3378048                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        19047                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    144381186                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        93981                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3687146                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      197296347                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2939426                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      4248962                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        25714973                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       851221                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    144293113                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       225864                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       394638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    200533950                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    671862747                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    671862747                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    171308297                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       29225653                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        37602                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20894                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2274255                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13763039                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7506174                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       198580                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1661295                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        144080338                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37679                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       136169369                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       188355                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17969514                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41563709                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4030                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234738077                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177354548     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23086349      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12395575      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8587722      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7502648      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3845657      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       918589      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597619      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       449370      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234738077                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36173     12.33%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125063     42.62%     54.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132185     45.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113980306     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2130670      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16682      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12589046      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7452665      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    136169369                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.532672                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            293421                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002155                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507558591                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162088825                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133926181                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    136462790                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       344592                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2412036                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          913                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1297                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       161914                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8342                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3687146                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2438754                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       149585                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144118139                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55789                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13763039                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7506174                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20871                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105629                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1297                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181028                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1142074                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2323102                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134175458                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11823741                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1993911                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           19274629                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18775676                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7450888                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.524872                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            133928354                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           133926181                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        79601365                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       208474516                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.523897                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381828                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100596736                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    123419954                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20699456                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33649                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2047768                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231050931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180637019     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23377461     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9794130      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5889219      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4077156      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2634026      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1364304      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1098930      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2178686      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231050931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    100596736                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    123419954                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18695263                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11351003                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17663458                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       111268121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2511002                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2178686                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          372990979                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         291926048                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3040229                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              20896621                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         100596736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           123419954                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    100596736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.541183                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.541183                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393518                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393518                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      605270123                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     185878792                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     134761099                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        33618                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              255634698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20798460                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17053764                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2031849                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8596332                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8125027                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2132309                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90998                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198337606                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            118228657                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20798460                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10257336                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            26002507                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5774358                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      6592041                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12217030                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2016540                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    234643130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      208640623     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        2815291      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        3252162      1.39%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        1789853      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2080110      0.89%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1133189      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         766803      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        2018111      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12146988      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    234643130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081360                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.462491                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      196746855                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      8213648                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25796391                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles       194242                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3691992                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3378493                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18978                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    144346453                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        94205                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3691992                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      197050800                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2863657                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      4488148                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        25699607                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       848924                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    144259240                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       223354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       395398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    200462658                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    671722477                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    671722477                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    171132710                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       29329937                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        37618                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20928                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2275693                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13773576                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7505066                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       199407                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1666897                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        144042353                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37678                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       136090710                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       189616                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18065911                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41816450                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4064                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234643130                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177317176     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23038537      9.82%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12392289      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8581808      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7501408      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3848349      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       917882      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597946      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       447735      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234643130                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35852     12.09%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       128401     43.31%     55.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132226     44.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113910371     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2130152      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16665      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12582520      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7451002      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    136090710                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.532364                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            296479                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507310645                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162147245                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133840419                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    136387189                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       345285                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2434314                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          864                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1306                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       168421                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8333                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3691992                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2361234                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       147797                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144080160                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53464                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13773576                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7505066                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20888                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104612                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1306                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174065                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1145529                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2319594                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134093300                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11815430                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1997410                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 129                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19264583                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18761554                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7449153                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.524550                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            133842509                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           133840419                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        79552403                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       208404290                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.523561                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381722                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100493408                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    123293116                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20788270                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33614                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2043577                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230951138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180595689     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23349650     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9784792      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5876987      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4074426      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2627157      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1365696      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1098672      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2178069      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230951138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100493408                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    123293116                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18675903                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11339258                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16770                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17645268                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       111153766                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2508406                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2178069                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          372853779                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         291854843                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3036806                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              20991568                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100493408                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           123293116                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100493408                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.543796                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.543796                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.393113                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.393113                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      604864020                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     185754338                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     134696586                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33584                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              255634698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       23167062                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19288852                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2103227                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8792410                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8469308                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2492559                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97419                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201546368                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            127099404                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          23167062                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10961867                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            26492739                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5854972                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      6880059                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12513971                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2010264                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    238651826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      212159087     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1624281      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2044878      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3259504      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1373392      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1757000      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        2047254      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         938391      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       13448039      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    238651826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090626                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.497192                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      200360389                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      8180630                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        26366253                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        12449                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3732104                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3526550                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          556                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    155364621                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2329                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3732104                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      200563783                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        650306                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      6962813                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        26175355                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       567457                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    154405931                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        81613                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       395936                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    215651670                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    718032599                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    718032599                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    180516273                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       35135396                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        37369                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19465                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1993961                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     14459227                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7562383                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85061                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1714518                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        150765097                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37500                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       144659358                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       145192                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18235137                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37134900                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1391                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238651826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177359753     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27951816     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11429603      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6408460      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8674378      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2676804      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2627184      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1412304      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111524      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238651826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        996679     78.98%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       136300     10.80%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128966     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121869540     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1977665      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17902      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13254759      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7539492      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    144659358                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.565883                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1261945                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008724                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529377679                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169038431                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140901623                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    145921303                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107514                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2726634                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          698                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106867                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           65                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3732104                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        495551                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61942                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150802600                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117781                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14459227                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7562383                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19465                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53969                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          698                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1246327                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1182745                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2429072                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142146342                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13038875                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2513016                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           20577661                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       20104404                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7538786                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.556053                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            140902084                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           140901623                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        84421820                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       226795327                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.551183                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372238                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105019970                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    129409029                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21394210                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2121217                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234919722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180150895     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27757728     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10076718      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5020706      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4590245      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1927125      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1910561      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910176      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2575568      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234919722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    105019970                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    129409029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             19188107                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11732593                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             18014                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         18757544                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       116510246                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2672268                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2575568                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          383146665                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         305338601                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3055332                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              16982872                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         105019970                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           129409029                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    105019970                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.434153                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.434153                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.410820                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.410820                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      639586123                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     196886793                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     143689709                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        36078                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         309300                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.541936                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2138645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         342068                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           6.252105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           220.553222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     4.087452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  2352.541928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.151877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  2678.073581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.699828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1757.519588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.066298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1275.868636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.848600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1693.729500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.961002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1269.919275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.122531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1031.257245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.915589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1018.419368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.202344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1774.173908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.218733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1759.727694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.356273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  2695.726112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.526561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1705.843215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.985836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1242.283351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.919308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1773.405349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.829389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1707.721768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.065444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   998.838625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           464.314627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           491.371669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           335.517830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           303.449591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           337.274121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           307.004858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           275.367547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           285.489985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           386.408233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           342.905801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           420.098538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           343.470255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           345.786301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           418.793517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           395.587104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           303.142532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.071794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.081728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.053635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.038936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.051689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.038755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.031471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.031080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.054143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.053703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.082267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.052058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.037911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.054120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.052116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.030482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.014170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.014995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.010239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.009261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.010293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.009369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.008404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.008712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.011792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.010465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.012820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.010482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.010553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.012781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.012072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.009251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        44901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        50653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        26930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        25662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        36644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        49388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        27256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        37312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        25792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  556297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           202429                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                202429                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2289                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        45038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        50730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        25872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        36800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        49456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        27409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        37468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        26002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   558586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        45038                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        50730                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35802                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27079                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35429                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27297                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25771                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        25872                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        36800                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36196                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        49456                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        27409                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        37468                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36278                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        26002                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  558586                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                309106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  41                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 309147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27866                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31378                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20737                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14605                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20229                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14408                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11315                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11185                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19529                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20341                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32460                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19728                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14283                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19153                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20302                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11018                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                309147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5745306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4556401518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5825519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5106055919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5791378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3410242048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5973077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2374750254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5298176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3283142239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6057054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2347309289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5996662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1852292019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5956897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1829586570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6060050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3207581034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5976922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3335962484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6216052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5275933700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5341345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3199302684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5898372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2324635868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5863310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3144279096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5581134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3339188499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5708663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1807336286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50487289424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       146046                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       573548                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       626145                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       763316                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       519810                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1602472                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       631486                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1030763                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       725463                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       6619049                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5745306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4556401518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5825519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5106201965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5791378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3410815596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5973077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2374750254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5298176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3283768384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6057054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2347309289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5996662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1852292019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5956897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1829586570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6060050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3208344350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5976922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3336482294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6216052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5277536172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5341345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3199934170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5898372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2324635868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5863310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3145309859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5581134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3339913962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5708663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1807336286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      50493908473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5745306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4556401518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5825519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5106201965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5791378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3410815596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5973077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2374750254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5298176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3283768384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6057054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2347309289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5996662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1852292019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5956897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1829586570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6060050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3208344350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5976922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3336482294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6216052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5277536172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5341345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3199934170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5898372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2324635868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5863310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3145309859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5581134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3339913962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5708663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1807336286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     50493908473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        56379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        56168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        56378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        81838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        41539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        56459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        56420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              865403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       202429                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            202429                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2330                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        56539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        37086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        37057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        56329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        56537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        81916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        41692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        56621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        56580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        37020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               867733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        56539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        37086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        37057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        56329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        56537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        81916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        41692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        56621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        56580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        37020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              867733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.382948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.382506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.363877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.306847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.303553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.396515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.354825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.343846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.339131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.299321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.357182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.031056                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.018868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.128205                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.053333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.017597                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.382229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.382155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.366773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.363452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.305102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.301832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.359782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.396260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.354419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.342584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.338267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.297623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.356270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.382229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.382155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.366773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.363452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.305102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.301832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.359782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.396260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.354419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.342584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.338267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.297623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.356270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151192.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163511.143257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149372.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162732.444753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152404.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164483.772151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149326.925000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162598.442588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155828.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162330.889444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155309.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162917.080025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153760.564103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163702.343703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156760.447368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163575.017434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155385.897436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164289.133067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157287.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164026.083391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151611.024390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162586.554700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157098.382353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162203.543095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151240.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162755.434293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150341.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164217.845929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155031.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164508.251995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146375.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164034.878018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163333.255983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       146046                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       143387                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 156536.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152663.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       173270                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 160247.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 157871.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 171793.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 181365.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161440.219512                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151192.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163511.143257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149372.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162731.912964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152404.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164479.702754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149326.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162598.442588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155828.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162329.743635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155309.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162917.080025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153760.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163702.343703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156760.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163575.017434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155385.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164286.156485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157287.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164027.446733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151611.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162585.834011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157098.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162202.664740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151240.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162755.434293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150341.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164220.219235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155031.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164511.573343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146375.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164034.878018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163333.004923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151192.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163511.143257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149372.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162731.912964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152404.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164479.702754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149326.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162598.442588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155828.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162329.743635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155309.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162917.080025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153760.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163702.343703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156760.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163575.017434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155385.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164286.156485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157287.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164027.446733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151611.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162585.834011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157098.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162202.664740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151240.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162755.434293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150341.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164220.219235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155031.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164511.573343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146375.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164034.878018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163333.004923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               106773                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    106773                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           309106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             41                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            309147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           309147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3530344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2933644009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3556976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3279464824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3582704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2202749765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3645889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1524321159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3318850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2104999524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3790930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1508289159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3726847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1193405077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3746693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1178268024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3788917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2070435871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3768065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2151516710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3828148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3386912463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3361980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2050321946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3627595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1492902873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3594334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2029204807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3485827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2157029347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3439224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1165741936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32487000817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        87611                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       341468                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       392393                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       472852                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       345077                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1021886                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       398590                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       680800                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       492641                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4233318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3530344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2933644009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3556976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3279552435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3582704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2203091233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3645889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1524321159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3318850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2105391917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3790930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1508289159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3726847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1193405077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3746693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1178268024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3788917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2070908723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3768065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2151861787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3828148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3387934349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3361980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2050720536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3627595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1492902873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3594334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2029885607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3485827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2157521988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3439224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1165741936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32491234135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3530344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2933644009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3556976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3279552435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3582704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2203091233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3645889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1524321159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3318850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2105391917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3790930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1508289159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3726847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1193405077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3746693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1178268024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3788917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2070908723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3768065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2151861787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3828148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3387934349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3361980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2050720536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3627595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1492902873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3594334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2029885607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3485827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2157521988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3439224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1165741936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32491234135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.382948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.382506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.363877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.306847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.303553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.396515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.354825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.343846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.339131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.299321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.357182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.031056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.018868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.128205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.053333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.382229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.382155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.366773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.363452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.305102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.301832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.359782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.396260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.354419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.342584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.338267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.297623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.356270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.382229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.382155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.366773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.363452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.305102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.301832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.359782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.396260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.354419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.342584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.338267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.297623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.356270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92903.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105276.825127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91204.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104518.112758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94281.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106243.658178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91147.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104369.815748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97613.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104079.086477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97203.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104684.144850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95560.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105471.062925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98597.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105343.587304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97151.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106045.680752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99159.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105788.017996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93369.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104373.265424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98881.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103950.615798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93015.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104523.060491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92162.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105980.300151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96828.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106268.073061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 88185.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105803.406789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105099.871297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        87611                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        85367                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98098.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94570.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115025.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102188.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99647.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113466.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 123160.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103251.658537                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92903.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105276.825127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91204.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104517.573937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94281.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106239.631239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91147.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104369.815748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97613.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104077.903851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97203.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104684.144850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95560.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105471.062925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98597.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105343.587304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97151.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106042.742742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99159.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105789.380414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93369.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104372.592391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98881.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103949.743309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93015.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104523.060491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92162.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105982.645382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96828.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106271.401241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 88185.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105803.406789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105099.626181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92903.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105276.825127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91204.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104517.573937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94281.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106239.631239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91147.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104369.815748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97613.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104077.903851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97203.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104684.144850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95560.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105471.062925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98597.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105343.587304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97151.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106042.742742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99159.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105789.380414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93369.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104372.592391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98881.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103949.743309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93015.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104523.060491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92162.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105982.645382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96828.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106271.401241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 88185.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105803.406789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105099.626181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              528.005044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012383523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1913768.474480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    38.005044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.060906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12375474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12375474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12375474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12375474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12375474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12375474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7721227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7721227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7721227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7721227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7721227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7721227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12375525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12375525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12375525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12375525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12375525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12375525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151396.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151396.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151396.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151396.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151396.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151396.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6189953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6189953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6189953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6189953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6189953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6189953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158716.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158716.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158716.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158716.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158716.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158716.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72904                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              180703363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              2469.974891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   234.175296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    21.824704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.914747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.085253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8580707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8580707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7108673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7108673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19894                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19894                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15689380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15689380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15689380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15689380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       184931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          828                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          828                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       185759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       185759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       185759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       185759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22273850045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22273850045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     70843158                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70843158                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22344693203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22344693203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22344693203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22344693203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8765638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8765638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        19894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15875139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15875139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15875139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15875139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120444.111831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120444.111831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85559.369565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85559.369565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120288.616988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120288.616988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120288.616988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120288.616988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9036                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            9036                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       112164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       112855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       112855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7857090282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7857090282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9127428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9127428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7866217710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7866217710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7866217710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7866217710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107976.009482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107976.009482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 66623.562044                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66623.562044                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107898.300642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107898.300642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107898.300642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107898.300642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              579.239327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1037046922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1778811.186964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.197329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.041998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.061214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12105596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12105596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12105596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12105596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12105596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12105596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8164750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8164750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8164750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8164750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8164750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8164750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12105648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12105648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12105648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12105648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12105648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12105648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157014.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157014.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157014.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157014.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157014.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157014.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6506184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6506184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6506184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6506184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6506184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6506184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162654.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162654.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162654.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162654.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162654.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162654.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                82108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              448726709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                82364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              5448.092723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.907209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.092791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     31772516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31772516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17399156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17399156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8500                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8500                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     49171672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       49171672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     49171672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      49171672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       290796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       291050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       291050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       291050                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       291050                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34700692506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34700692506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     21957208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21957208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34722649714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34722649714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34722649714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34722649714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     32063312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32063312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17399410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17399410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8500                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8500                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     49462722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49462722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     49462722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49462722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119330.020035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119330.020035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86445.700787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86445.700787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119301.321814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119301.321814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119301.321814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119301.321814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17743                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           17743                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       208766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       208942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       208942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        82030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        82108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        82108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8968155797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8968155797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5523208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5523208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8973679005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8973679005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8973679005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8973679005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109327.755663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109327.755663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 70810.358974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70810.358974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109291.165355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109291.165355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109291.165355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109291.165355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              519.073307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1007774601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1934308.255278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    37.073307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.059412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12212155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12212155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12212155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12212155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12212155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12212155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8188464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8188464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8188464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8188464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8188464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8188464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12212203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12212203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12212203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12212203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12212203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12212203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       170593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       170593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       170593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       170593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       170593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       170593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6742740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6742740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6742740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6742740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6742740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6742740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172890.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172890.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172890.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172890.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172890.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172890.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                56539                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              172028978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                56795                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3028.945823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.868939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.131061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.913551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.086449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8607860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8607860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7291755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7291755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16779                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16779                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15899615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15899615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15899615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15899615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       192614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       196450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       196450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       196450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       196450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25228163296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25228163296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    480028866                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    480028866                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25708192162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25708192162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25708192162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25708192162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8800474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8800474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7295591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7295591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16779                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16779                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16096065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16096065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16096065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16096065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 130977.827655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130977.827655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125137.869135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125137.869135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 130863.793138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130863.793138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 130863.793138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130863.793138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           18586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       136235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       139911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       139911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        56379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        56539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        56539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6026034678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6026034678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11076919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11076919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6037111597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6037111597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6037111597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6037111597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106884.383866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106884.383866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 69230.743750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69230.743750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106777.827641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106777.827641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106777.827641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106777.827641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              516.597244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1006676605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1943391.129344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    41.597244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.066662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12413503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12413503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12413503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12413503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12413503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12413503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8454134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8454134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8454134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8454134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8454134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8454134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12413554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12413554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12413554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12413554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12413554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12413554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165767.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165767.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165767.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165767.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165767.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165767.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7234055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7234055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7234055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7234055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7234055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7234055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168233.837209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168233.837209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168233.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168233.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168233.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168233.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                41684                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              165993130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                41940                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3957.871483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.523811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.476189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8542729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8542729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7191288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7191288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17315                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17315                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15734017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15734017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15734017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15734017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       133516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          865                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          865                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       134381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       134381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       134381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       134381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16498214179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16498214179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     74582170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74582170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16572796349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16572796349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16572796349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16572796349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8676245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8676245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7192153                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7192153                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17315                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17315                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15868398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15868398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15868398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15868398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123567.319115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123567.319115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86222.161850                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86222.161850                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123326.931255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123326.931255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123326.931255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123326.931255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        91981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        92697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        92697                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92697                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4327088813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4327088813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9935327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9935327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4337024140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4337024140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4337024140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4337024140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104179.338221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104179.338221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 66680.046980                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66680.046980                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104045.296517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104045.296517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104045.296517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104045.296517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              558.921053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              926215254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1648069.846975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    33.785232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   525.135821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.054143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.841564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12396707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12396707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12396707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12396707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12396707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12396707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7393576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7393576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7393576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7393576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7393576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7393576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12396753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12396753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12396753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12396753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12396753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12396753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160729.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160729.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160729.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160729.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160729.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160729.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5827606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5827606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5827606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5827606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5827606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5827606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166503.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166503.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166503.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166503.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166503.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166503.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                55658                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              223854165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                55914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4003.544103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   201.998783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    54.001217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.789058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.210942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     18234765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18234765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3500523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3500523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8276                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8276                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8214                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8214                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     21735288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       21735288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     21735288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      21735288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       194253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          374                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          374                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       194627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       194627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       194627                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       194627                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  22368369332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22368369332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     33012618                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33012618                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  22401381950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22401381950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  22401381950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22401381950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     18429018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18429018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3500897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3500897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8276                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8276                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8214                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8214                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     21929915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21929915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     21929915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21929915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115150.702084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115150.702084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 88269.032086                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88269.032086                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115099.045610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115099.045610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115099.045610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115099.045610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            6477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       138671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       138969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       138969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        55582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        55658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        55658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5867745308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5867745308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5483021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5483021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5873228329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5873228329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5873228329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5873228329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105569.164622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105569.164622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 72145.013158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72145.013158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105523.524543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105523.524543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105523.524543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105523.524543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              515.062492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1006678085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1950926.521318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    40.062492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.064203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.825421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12414983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12414983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12414983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12414983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12414983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12414983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8193980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8193980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8193980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8193980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8193980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8193980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12415034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12415034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12415034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12415034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12415034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12415034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160666.274510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160666.274510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160666.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160666.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160666.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160666.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6711830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6711830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6711830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6711830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6711830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6711830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163703.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163703.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163703.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163703.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163703.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163703.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                41705                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              165998400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                41961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3956.016301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.533392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.466608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.912240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.087760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8545190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8545190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7194134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7194134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18869                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18869                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17324                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17324                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15739324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15739324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15739324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15739324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       133429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       134308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       134308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       134308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       134308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16483669994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16483669994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     75428638                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75428638                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16559098632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16559098632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16559098632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16559098632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8678619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8678619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7195013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7195013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17324                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17324                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15873632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15873632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15873632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15873632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123538.885804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123538.885804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85811.874858                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85811.874858                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123291.975400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123291.975400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123291.975400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123291.975400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        91875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        92603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        92603                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92603                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        41554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        41705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        41705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4312227162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4312227162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10016003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10016003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4322243165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4322243165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4322243165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4322243165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103774.056938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103774.056938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 66331.145695                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66331.145695                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103638.488551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103638.488551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103638.488551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103638.488551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              494.750211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1009872414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2036033.092742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    39.750211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.063702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12509894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12509894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12509894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12509894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12509894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12509894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8120609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8120609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8120609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8120609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8120609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8120609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12509946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12509946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12509946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12509946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12509946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12509946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156165.557692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156165.557692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156165.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156165.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156165.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156165.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6571067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6571067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6571067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6571067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6571067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6571067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160269.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160269.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160269.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160269.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160269.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160269.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                37086                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              163800383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                37342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4386.491966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.161231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.838769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.910786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.089214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9983630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9983630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7416129                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7416129                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18038                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18038                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17399759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17399759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17399759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17399759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        95214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2124                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2124                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        97338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        97338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        97338                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        97338                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10318477078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10318477078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    139663770                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139663770                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10458140848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10458140848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10458140848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10458140848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     10078844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10078844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7418253                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7418253                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18038                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18038                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17497097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17497097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17497097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17497097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108371.427290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108371.427290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 65755.070621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65755.070621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107441.501243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107441.501243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107441.501243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107441.501243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       146003                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 24333.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        58339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        60252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        60252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3673877321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3673877321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     15937267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15937267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3689814588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3689814588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3689814588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3689814588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99630.571417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99630.571417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 75532.071090                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75532.071090                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99493.463517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99493.463517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99493.463517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99493.463517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              494.046496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1009875272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2040152.064646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    39.046496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.062575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12512752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12512752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12512752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12512752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12512752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12512752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8876712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8876712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8876712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8876712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8876712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8876712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12512804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12512804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12512804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12512804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12512804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12512804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       170706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       170706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       170706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       170706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       170706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       170706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7000346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7000346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7000346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7000346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7000346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7000346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175008.650000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175008.650000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175008.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175008.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175008.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175008.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                37057                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              163799710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                37313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4389.883151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.162488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.837512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.910791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.089209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9983471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9983471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7415747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7415747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19121                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19121                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17399218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       17399218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17399218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      17399218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        95129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2064                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2064                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        97193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        97193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        97193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        97193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10245810577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10245810577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    138419098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    138419098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10384229675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10384229675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10384229675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10384229675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     10078600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10078600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7417811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7417811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19121                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19121                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18035                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18035                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17496411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17496411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17496411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17496411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000278                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000278                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107704.386433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107704.386433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 67063.516473                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67063.516473                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106841.332966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106841.332966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106841.332966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106841.332966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       107499                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 13437.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8024                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8024                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        58282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        60136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        60136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3657352523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3657352523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16080407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16080407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3673432930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3673432930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3673432930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3673432930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99257.809944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99257.809944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76573.366667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76573.366667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99129.258440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99129.258440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99129.258440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99129.258440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              520.298375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1007788700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1930629.693487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.298375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.061376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12226254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12226254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12226254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12226254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12226254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12226254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8368922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8368922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8368922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8368922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8368922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8368922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12226306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12226306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12226306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12226306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12226306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12226306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160940.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160940.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160940.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160940.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160940.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160940.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6788629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6788629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6788629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6788629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6788629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6788629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169715.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169715.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169715.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169715.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169715.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169715.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                56329                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              172055998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                56585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3040.664452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.868190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.131810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.913548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.086452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8624942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8624942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7301390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7301390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18031                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18031                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16801                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16801                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15926332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15926332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15926332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15926332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       193097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3846                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3846                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       196943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       196943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       196943                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       196943                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25206698398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25206698398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    488029496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    488029496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25694727894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25694727894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25694727894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25694727894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8818039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8818039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7305236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7305236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18031                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18031                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16801                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16801                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16123275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16123275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16123275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16123275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130539.047204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130539.047204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126892.744670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126892.744670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130467.840411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130467.840411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130467.840411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130467.840411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           19953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       136929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       140614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       140614                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140614                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        56168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        56329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        56329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5878280532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5878280532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11206747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11206747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5889487279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5889487279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5889487279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5889487279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104655.329227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104655.329227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 69607.124224                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69607.124224                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104555.154166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104555.154166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104555.154166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104555.154166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              519.171425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1007780236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1934319.071017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.171425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.059570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12217790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12217790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12217790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12217790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12217790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12217790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8404343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8404343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8404343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8404343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8404343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8404343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12217840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12217840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12217840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12217840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12217840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12217840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168086.860000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168086.860000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168086.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168086.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168086.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168086.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6859816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6859816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6859816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6859816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6859816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6859816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 175892.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175892.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 175892.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175892.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 175892.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175892.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                56537                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              172044949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                56793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3029.333703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.868684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.131316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.913550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.086450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8618943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8618943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7296584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7296584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15915527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15915527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15915527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15915527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       192943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3861                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3861                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       196804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       196804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       196804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       196804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25181171647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25181171647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    488598924                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    488598924                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25669770571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25669770571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25669770571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25669770571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8811886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8811886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7300445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7300445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16112331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16112331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16112331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16112331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 130510.936634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130510.936634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 126547.247863                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126547.247863                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 130433.174991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130433.174991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 130433.174991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130433.174991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19047                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           19047                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       136565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       140267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       140267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        56378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        56537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        56537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5974564218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5974564218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     11212494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11212494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5985776712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5985776712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5985776712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5985776712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105973.326794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105973.326794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 70518.830189                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70518.830189                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105873.617489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105873.617489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105873.617489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105873.617489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              580.416202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1037038613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1772715.577778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    39.935586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   540.480616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.063999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.866155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12097287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12097287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12097287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12097287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12097287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12097287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8663153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8663153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8663153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8663153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8663153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8663153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12097341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12097341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12097341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12097341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12097341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12097341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160428.759259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160428.759259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160428.759259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160428.759259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160428.759259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160428.759259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6897182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6897182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6897182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6897182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6897182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6897182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164218.619048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164218.619048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164218.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164218.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164218.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164218.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                81916                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              448631455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                82172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5459.663328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.907117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.092883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     31712166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31712166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17364291                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17364291                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8479                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8479                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8470                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8470                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     49076457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       49076457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     49076457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      49076457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       290004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       290263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       290263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       290263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       290263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34891787752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34891787752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     25416775                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25416775                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34917204527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34917204527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34917204527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34917204527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     32002170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32002170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17364550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17364550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8479                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8479                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8470                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8470                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     49366720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49366720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     49366720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49366720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120314.849974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120314.849974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98134.266409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98134.266409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120295.058368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120295.058368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120295.058368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120295.058368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16018                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           16018                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       208166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       208347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       208347                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208347                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        81838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        81916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        81916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9068996215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9068996215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6492663                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6492663                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9075488878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9075488878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9075488878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9075488878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110816.444867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110816.444867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 83239.269231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83239.269231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110790.186020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110790.186020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110790.186020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110790.186020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              558.523953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              926222165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1648082.144128                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.388164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.135790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.053507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12403618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12403618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12403618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12403618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12403618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12403618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7193856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7193856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7193856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7193856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7193856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7193856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12403664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12403664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12403664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12403664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12403664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12403664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156388.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156388.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156388.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156388.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156388.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156388.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5728598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5728598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5728598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5728598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5728598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5728598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163674.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163674.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163674.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163674.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163674.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163674.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                55663                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              223863646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                55919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4003.355675                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   201.892907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    54.107093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.788644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.211356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18240972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18240972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3503781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3503781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8285                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8285                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8221                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8221                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21744753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       21744753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21744753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      21744753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       193643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       194010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       194010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       194010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       194010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22026142369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22026142369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     34728213                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34728213                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22060870582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22060870582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22060870582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22060870582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18434615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18434615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3504148                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3504148                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8221                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8221                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21938763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21938763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21938763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21938763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113746.132672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113746.132672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94627.283379                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94627.283379                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113709.966404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113709.966404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113709.966404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113709.966404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6431                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6431                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       138055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       138347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       138347                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138347                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5810888513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5810888513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5393598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5393598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5816282111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5816282111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5816282111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5816282111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104534.944826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104534.944826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 71914.640000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71914.640000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104490.992419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104490.992419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104490.992419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104490.992419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              515.905811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1006680743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1947158.110251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    40.905811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.065554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12417641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12417641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12417641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12417641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12417641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12417641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8212533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8212533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8212533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8212533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8212533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8212533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12417692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12417692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12417692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12417692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12417692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12417692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161030.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161030.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161030.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161030.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161030.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161030.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6864858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6864858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6864858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6864858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6864858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6864858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       163449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       163449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       163449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       163449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       163449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       163449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                41692                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              165997132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                41948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3957.212072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.525174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.474826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.087792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8545211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8545211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7192804                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7192804                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17319                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17319                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15738015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15738015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15738015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15738015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       133301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       134193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       134193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       134193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       134193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16424563383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16424563383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     76784272                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76784272                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16501347655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16501347655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16501347655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16501347655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8678512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8678512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7193696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7193696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17319                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17319                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15872208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15872208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15872208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15872208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123214.104793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123214.104793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86081.022422                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86081.022422                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122967.275901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122967.275901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122967.275901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122967.275901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8777                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8777                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        91762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        92501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        92501                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92501                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        41539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        41692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        41692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4293713536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4293713536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10207397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10207397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4303920933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4303920933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4303920933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4303920933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103365.837791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103365.837791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66715.013072                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66715.013072                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103231.337739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103231.337739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103231.337739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103231.337739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              520.437409                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1007793807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1930639.477011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    38.437409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.061598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12231361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12231361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12231361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12231361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12231361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12231361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8561375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8561375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8561375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8561375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8561375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8561375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12231411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12231411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12231411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12231411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12231411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12231411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171227.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171227.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171227.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171227.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171227.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171227.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7045230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7045230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7045230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7045230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7045230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7045230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 176130.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176130.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 176130.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176130.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 176130.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176130.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                56621                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              172062887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                56877                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3025.175150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.869761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.130239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.913554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.086446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8629063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8629063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7304381                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7304381                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15933444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15933444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15933444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15933444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       193248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3885                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3885                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       197133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       197133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       197133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       197133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  24977857112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24977857112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    485582493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    485582493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25463439605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25463439605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25463439605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25463439605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8822311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8822311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7308266                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7308266                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16130577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16130577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16130577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16130577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 129252.862187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129252.862187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124989.058687                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124989.058687                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 129168.833250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129168.833250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 129168.833250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129168.833250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           19858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       136789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       140512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       140512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        56459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        56621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        56621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5856905754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5856905754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11483441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11483441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5868389195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5868389195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5868389195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5868389195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103737.327158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103737.327158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 70885.438272                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70885.438272                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103643.333657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103643.333657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103643.333657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103643.333657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              518.340554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1007779429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1941771.539499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    36.340554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.058238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12216983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12216983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12216983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12216983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12216983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12216983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7834820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7834820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7834820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7834820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7834820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7834820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12217030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12217030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12217030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12217030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12217030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12217030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166698.297872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166698.297872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166698.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166698.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166698.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166698.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6443175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6443175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6443175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6443175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6443175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6443175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174139.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174139.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174139.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174139.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174139.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174139.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                56580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              172049497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                56836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3027.121842                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.868989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.131011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.913551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.086449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8623240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8623240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7296850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7296850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17781                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17781                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15920090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15920090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15920090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15920090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       192785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3839                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3839                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       196624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       196624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       196624                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       196624                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25057744707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25057744707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    483625625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    483625625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25541370332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25541370332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25541370332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25541370332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8816025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8816025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7300689                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7300689                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17781                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17781                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16116714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16116714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16116714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16116714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 129977.667905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129977.667905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 125976.979682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125976.979682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 129899.556168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129899.556168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 129899.556168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129899.556168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           18767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       136365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       140044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       140044                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140044                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        56420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        56580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        56580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5984622644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5984622644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     11315721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11315721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5995938365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5995938365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5995938365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5995938365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106072.716129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106072.716129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 70723.256250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70723.256250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105972.753005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105972.753005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105972.753005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105972.753005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              495.108199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1009876440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2036041.209677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    40.108199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.064276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12513920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12513920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12513920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12513920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12513920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12513920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8050360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8050360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8050360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8050360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8050360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8050360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12513971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12513971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12513971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12513971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12513971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12513971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157850.196078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157850.196078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157850.196078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157850.196078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157850.196078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157850.196078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6606522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6606522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6606522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6606522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6606522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6606522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161134.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161134.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161134.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161134.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161134.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161134.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                37020                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              163801503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                37276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4394.288631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.161057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.838943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.910785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.089215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9984030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9984030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7416919                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7416919                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18039                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18039                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17400949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       17400949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17400949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      17400949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        94977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2148                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2148                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        97125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        97125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        97125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        97125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10161176812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10161176812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    142818655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    142818655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10303995467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10303995467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10303995467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10303995467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     10079007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10079007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7419067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7419067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18039                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18039                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17498074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17498074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17498074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17498074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106985.657707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106985.657707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66489.131750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66489.131750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106090.043418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106090.043418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106090.043418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106090.043418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       183638                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 30606.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8075                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8075                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        58167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        60105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        60105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        37020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        37020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3641354899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3641354899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16086433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16086433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3657441332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3657441332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3657441332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3657441332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98922.980141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98922.980141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 76602.061905                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76602.061905                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98796.362291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98796.362291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98796.362291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98796.362291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
