
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106043                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106042577082                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               633144639990                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 316101                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   399496                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1908053                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67609200                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55576.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17567718068                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22202525848                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2468352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2397312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1382656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1773952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4059264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1366784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2426880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1780736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1367936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2432896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1776384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4091520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4026240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2454400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2358144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1312512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             37552128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12869376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          12869376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        19284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        18729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        10802                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        13859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        31713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        10678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        18960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        13912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        10687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        19007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        13878                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        31965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        31455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        19175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        18423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        10254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                293376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          100542                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               100542                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        43454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     23276990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     22607070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        44661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13038687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     16728677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     38279568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     12889012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        41040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     22885902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        45868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     16792651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     12899875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     22942634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     16751611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        48282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     38583747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        48282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     37968146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     23145420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        43454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     22237709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        41040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     12377217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               354123118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        43454                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        44661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42247                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        41040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        45868                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42247                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43454                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        48282                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        48282                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45868                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        43454                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        41040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             718202                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         121360461                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              121360461                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         121360461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        43454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     23276990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        44661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     22607070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        44661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13038687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        49490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     16728677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        47075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     38279568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        42247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     12889012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        41040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     22885902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        45868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     16792651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        42247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     12899875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        43454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     22942634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        47075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     16751611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        48282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     38583747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        48282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     37968146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        45868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     23145420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        43454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     22237709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        41040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     12377217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              475483578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254298747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20701420                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16975162                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2025590                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8552215                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8091721                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2122350                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90390                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197448622                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117678647                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20701420                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10214071                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25886121                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5756286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6473425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12165124                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2010658                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    233507448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      207621327     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2803615      1.20%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3239435      1.39%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1783860      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2070033      0.89%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1127179      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         767593      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        2005039      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12089367      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    233507448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081406                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.462757                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195863517                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      8089069                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25679499                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       194987                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3680370                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3361863                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18912                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143674786                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        93613                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3680370                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196168411                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2862878                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      4367038                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25582529                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       846216                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143584998                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          235                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       220878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       394624                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199518771                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668591070                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668591070                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291697                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29227047                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37548                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20927                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2271313                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13710324                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7469675                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197070                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1658049                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143367108                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37619                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135443690                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       189451                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18010612                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41684593                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4170                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233507448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176452737     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22935561      9.82%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12329997      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8537961      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7465801      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3829524      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       914009      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595490      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446368      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233507448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35700     12.10%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       127378     43.16%     55.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132031     44.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113368728     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2118761      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12524346      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7415271      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135443690                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.532616                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295109                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504879385                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161416603                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133196975                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135738799                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       340959                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2426642                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          843                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1267                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       169004                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8291                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3680370                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2364641                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       146700                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143404851                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57314                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13710324                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7469675                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20916                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104027                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1267                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171387                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1140118                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2311505                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133451134                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11758261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1992553                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 124                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19171401                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18670138                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7413140                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.524781                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133199101                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133196975                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79169418                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207421954                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523781                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381683                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000004                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687897                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20718320                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33449                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2037284                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229827078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179716141     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23236491     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9738387      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5847697      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4054607      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2615436      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1358665      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093289      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2166365      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229827078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584353                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283682                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607969                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496074                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2166365                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          371066254                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290492890                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3024623                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              20791299                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687897                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.542987                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.542987                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.393238                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.393238                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      601969512                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184862189                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134064553                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33418                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254298747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20700635                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16975276                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2026738                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8620875                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8098047                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2123997                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90924                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197575155                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            117626327                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20700635                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10222044                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            25880317                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5744983                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      6434433                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12169476                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2011240                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    233576742                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      207696425     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        2804395      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        3242690      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        1782813      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2068966      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1132353      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         767477      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2003212      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       12078411      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    233576742                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081403                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.462552                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      195988128                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      8051861                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        25674070                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles       194731                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3667946                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3360633                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        18891                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    143599484                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        93398                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3667946                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      196292125                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2914251                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      4276554                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        25577593                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       848267                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    143511398                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       223896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       394481                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    199439424                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    668215211                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    668215211                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    170396818                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       29042606                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        37589                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20961                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2264310                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13700505                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7466007                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197786                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1656304                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        143300861                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37665                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       135447148                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       188330                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17862256                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41279451                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4197                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233576742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176495280     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22966311      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12336504      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8534381      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7462476      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3824807      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       915174      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       594769      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       447040      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233576742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36048     12.29%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125418     42.77%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131761     44.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113375772     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2117805      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16594      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12524681      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7412296      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    135447148                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.532630                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            293227                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504952595                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161202057                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133209764                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    135740375                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       342435                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2409880                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          831                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1279                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       160855                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8295                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            8                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3667946                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2416057                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       148993                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143338649                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56683                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13700505                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7466007                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20952                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104924                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1279                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174834                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1137400                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2312234                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133459881                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11763370                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1987267                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 123                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           19173692                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18677267                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7410322                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.524815                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            133211923                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           133209764                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        79174345                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       207367426                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.523832                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381807                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100061613                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    122763559                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20576416                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33468                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2038426                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229908796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179764104     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23252354     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9743622      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5855652      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4055828      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2618102      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1358075      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093739      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2167320      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229908796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    100061613                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    122763559                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18595777                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11290625                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16698                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17569671                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       110676164                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2497616                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2167320                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          371080775                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         290347971                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3025927                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              20722005                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         100061613                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           122763559                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    100061613                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.541422                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.541422                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.393481                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.393481                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      602038849                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     184884311                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     134017047                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        33436                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254298747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       23049749                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19192889                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2094635                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8800771                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8433000                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2479303                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97104                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200489286                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            126429006                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          23049749                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10912303                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            26352678                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5831147                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      6792298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12450827                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2002318                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    237351800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      210999122     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1615948      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2040883      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3241845      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1356902      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1749061      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        2037952      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         932494      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       13377593      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    237351800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090640                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.497167                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      199308465                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      8086824                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        26227063                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        12470                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3716976                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3507058                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          562                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    154534981                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2349                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3716976                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      199510839                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        646214                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      6875969                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        26037257                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       564538                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    153580242                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          142                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        81415                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       394077                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    214508746                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    714194835                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    714194835                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    179532192                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       34976460                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        37215                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19410                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1985672                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     14376150                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7519540                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85235                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1703785                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        149954271                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37354                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       143880974                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       144076                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18161010                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36924440                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1435                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237351800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176389199     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27802912     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11370218      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6368833      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8631467      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2657344      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2615191      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1405695      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110941      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237351800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        992415     79.07%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       134397     10.71%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128253     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121219156     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1966620      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17805      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13180616      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7496777      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    143880974                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.565795                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1255065                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008723                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526512889                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168153325                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140137738                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    145136039                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107312                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2707298                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          693                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104523                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           35                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3716976                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        491475                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62285                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149991631                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116215                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14376150                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7519540                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19410                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54499                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          693                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1239691                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1178455                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2418146                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141373879                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12966325                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2507095                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           20462369                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       19993672                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7496044                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.555936                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            140138220                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           140137738                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        83965641                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       225564669                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.551075                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372246                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104448269                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    128704783                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21287385                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35919                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2112530                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233634824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550880                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179162474     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27606072     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10022593      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4996186      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4565062      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1917451      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1899265      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       903894      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2561827      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233634824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    104448269                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    128704783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             19083852                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11668843                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             17918                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         18655647                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       115876081                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2657768                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2561827                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          381064437                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         303701406                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3040385                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              16946947                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         104448269                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           128704783                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    104448269                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.434686                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.434686                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.410731                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.410731                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      636127972                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     195822117                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     142927607                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        35890                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254298747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20961662                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17151191                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2049765                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8729189                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8254854                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2167199                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93426                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201943687                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            117189927                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20961662                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10422053                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24471507                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5584885                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4769471                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12354643                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2051336                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    234693140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      210221633     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1145978      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1815008      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2456136      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2525284      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2136212      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1192137      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1773828      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11426924      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    234693140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082429                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.460836                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      199890416                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      6840254                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24427900                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        26466                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3508102                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3450230                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    143802169                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1938                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3508102                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      200439756                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1411035                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      4174337                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23912032                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1247876                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    143749710                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       170405                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       544132                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    200606036                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    668715459                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    668715459                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    174072110                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       26533926                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        35920                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3734170                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13456643                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7294460                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85624                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1781317                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        143575451                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36047                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       136420460                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18643                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15754431                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37613982                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1533                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234693140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176909302     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23802368     10.14%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12049435      5.13%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9053613      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7114536      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2877924      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1816028      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       945021      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124913      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234693140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26292     11.63%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83044     36.74%     48.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116713     51.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114736438     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2034210      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17110      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12361563      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7271139      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    136420460                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536457                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226049                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507778752                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159366488                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134370928                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    136646509                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       278865                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2148245                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          124                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          561                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100445                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3508102                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1126786                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122026                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143611642                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55735                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13456643                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7294460                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18809                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103241                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          561                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1193061                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150020                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2343081                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134534877                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11633912                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1885583                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18904773                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19122486                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7270861                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529043                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            134371163                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           134370928                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        77136355                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       207824734                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528398                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371161                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101472765                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    124861021                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18750657                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34514                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2075655                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231185038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179934283     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25418503     10.99%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9587135      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4571457      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3872243      1.67%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2210873      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1920172      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873468      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2796904      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231185038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    101472765                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    124861021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18502413                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11308398                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17218                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18005202                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       112498232                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2571149                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2796904                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          371999110                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         290731519                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3059829                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              19605607                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         101472765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           124861021                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    101472765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.506079                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.506079                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.399030                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.399030                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      605522460                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     187185663                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     133317351                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        34484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254298747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19783380                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17852088                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1036003                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7456042                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7075149                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1093727                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45917                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209743740                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            124466854                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19783380                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      8168876                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24611799                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       3251594                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      5022210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12038071                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1041270                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    241567513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      216955714     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         878137      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1796179      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         754188      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        4092989      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3639440      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         706622      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1476304      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11267940      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    241567513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077796                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.489451                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      208570235                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      6208444                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24521720                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        77857                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      2189252                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1735998                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          513                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    145951415                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2802                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      2189252                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      208782270                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       4476033                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1068917                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24401862                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       649172                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    145876124                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       276426                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       235854                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3363                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    171257287                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    687112864                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    687112864                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    152015551                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       19241718                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        16930                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8542                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1643162                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     34427520                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     17417382                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158586                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       846295                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        145593955                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16982                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       140024640                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72836                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11156593                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26740541                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           80                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241567513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191839083     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14872656      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12222871      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5284717      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6699540      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6491773      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3684977      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289964      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       181932      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241567513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354629     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2763924     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80111      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87830134     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1223230      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8386      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33583048     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17379842     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    140024640                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.550630                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3198664                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524888293                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156771081                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138831565                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    143223304                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       250889                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1313940                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          572                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3558                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103292                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12403                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      2189252                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       4108895                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       184867                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145611022                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1354                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34427520                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17417382                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8544                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126291                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           83                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3558                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       604498                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       610912                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1215410                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139046324                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33468900                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       978316                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           50847333                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       18216996                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         17378433                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.546783                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            138835980                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           138831565                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        74974058                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       147703381                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.545939                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507599                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112833920                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    132598500                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13026604                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16902                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1058744                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239378261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191316150     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17524071      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8226481      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8136469      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2212575      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9469339      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       707134      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       516075      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1269967      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239378261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    112833920                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    132598500                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             50427662                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            33113577                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              8438                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17510117                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       117912129                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1284350                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1269967                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          383733060                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         293439670                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4599611                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              12731234                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         112833920                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           132598500                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    112833920                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.253744                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.253744                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.443706                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.443706                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      687430955                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     161213058                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     173822548                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        16876                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254298747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       23046308                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19189812                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2093008                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8835597                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8437672                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2479166                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97315                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200554602                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            126430005                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          23046308                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10916838                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            26352021                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5818942                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      6817405                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12451848                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2000999                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    237430973                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      211078952     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1615164      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2043539      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3244230      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1355799      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1746656      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        2040407      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         932167      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       13374059      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    237430973                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090627                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.497171                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      199375289                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      8110102                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        26226735                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        12457                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3706388                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3506400                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          557                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    154517587                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2302                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3706388                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      199577200                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        646579                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      6900800                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        26037497                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       562502                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    153566032                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        81350                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       392201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    214512061                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    714143290                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    714143290                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    179621987                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       34890074                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        37308                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19494                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1979767                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     14357247                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7521887                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84692                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1698978                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        149936635                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37445                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       143906311                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142203                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18083594                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36705394                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1510                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237430973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176450791     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27817911     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11369331      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6370720      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8633208      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2657194      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2614631      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1406506      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110681      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237430973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        991960     79.15%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132986     10.61%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128356     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121237786     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1967566      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17814      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13184136      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7499009      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    143906311                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.565895                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1253302                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008709                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526639100                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168058354                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140168294                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    145159613                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2682585                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          681                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103185                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           21                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3706388                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        492024                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61913                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149974088                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117679                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14357247                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7521887                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19493                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54086                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           67                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          681                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1240824                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1174778                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2415602                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141403294                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12971264                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2503017                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           20469590                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19998761                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7498326                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.556052                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            140168786                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           140168294                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        83981913                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       225580553                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.551195                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372292                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104500432                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    128769083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21205625                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35935                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2110939                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233724585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179229062     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27616266     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10025228      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4998184      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4568363      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1921738      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1897819      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904647      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2563278      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233724585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    104500432                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    128769083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             19093364                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11674662                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             17926                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         18664977                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       115933972                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2659100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2563278                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          381135287                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         303655820                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3037916                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              16867774                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         104500432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           128769083                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    104500432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.433471                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.433471                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.410936                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.410936                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      636279325                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     195871565                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     142935603                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        35906                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254298747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19331688                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17250890                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1535425                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12769093                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12592448                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1159860                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46246                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204055731                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            109779819                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19331688                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     13752308                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24463473                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5044444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3087140                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12342508                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1507339                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    235106705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.766053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      210643232     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3726895      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1880941      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3679664      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1184304      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3406393      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         539236      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         878560      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        9167480      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    235106705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.076020                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.431696                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      201583080                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5606353                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24415531                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        19486                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3482254                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1837053                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        18110                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    122828933                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        34210                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3482254                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      201859440                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       3381265                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1378221                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24160110                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       845409                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    122653984                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        95352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       676845                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    160766386                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    555897713                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    555897713                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    130390021                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       30376339                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        16470                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8326                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1833162                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     22076203                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      3601970                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23082                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       823804                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        122013444                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16528                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       114255815                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74100                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22004831                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45040362                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          102                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235106705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184986868     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15836507      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16718603      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9738725      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5013430      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1257112      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1491123      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34787      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29550      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235106705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191846     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78212     23.37%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64623     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89620724     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897431      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8146      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20157588     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3571926      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    114255815                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.449298                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334681                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464027113                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144035103                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111364702                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    114590496                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90485                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4481321                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          308                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        88491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3482254                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2289556                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103632                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122030062                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22076203                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3601970                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8323                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40779                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2265                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          308                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1034227                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594888                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1629115                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112807905                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19871639                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1447907                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  90                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           23443403                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17146892                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          3571764                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.443604                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            111389658                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           111364702                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        67375262                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       146868125                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.437929                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.458747                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88690899                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     99873370                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22161609                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16426                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1525737                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231624451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194429692     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14619393      6.31%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9386028      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2956002      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4902655      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       957149      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607557      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555592      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3210383      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231624451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     88690899                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     99873370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             21108354                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            17594875                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8196                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15321730                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        87286839                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1250685                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3210383                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          350448722                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         247554958                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4529194                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              19192042                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          88690899                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            99873370                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     88690899                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.867247                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.867247                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.348767                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.348767                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      524309104                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     145121848                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     130410191                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16410                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254298747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20962665                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17151879                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2048629                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8710990                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8254360                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2167189                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93581                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201916473                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            117206984                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20962665                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10421549                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24473033                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5585269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      4770185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12352871                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2050303                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    234669680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      210196647     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1145680      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1814871      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2454257      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2525093      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        2137746      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1194516      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1772479      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11428391      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    234669680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082433                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.460903                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      199862827                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      6841253                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24429259                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        26726                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3509613                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3450577                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    143820401                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1986                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3509613                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      200412257                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1413997                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      4171959                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23913240                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1248612                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    143767320                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       170469                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       544443                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    200622249                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    668809367                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    668809367                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    174056141                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       26566102                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        35890                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18777                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         3735264                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13455758                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7294521                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85969                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1785636                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        143592985                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36016                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       136418360                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18666                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15781421                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37711856                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1506                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234669680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176890654     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23798980     10.14%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12043795      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9054430      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7119792      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2877742      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1814216      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       945242      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124829      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234669680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26303     11.64%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83038     36.74%     48.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116685     51.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114735194     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2035344      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17108      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12359311      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7271403      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    136418360                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.536449                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226026                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507751092                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159410992                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134372579                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    136644386                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       280570                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2148415                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          126                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          572                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101189                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3509613                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1129661                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121882                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143629144                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13455758                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7294521                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18782                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103297                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          572                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1192710                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1149901                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2342611                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134536405                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11632798                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1881955                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 143                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           18903918                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19121102                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7271120                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.529049                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            134372833                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           134372579                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        77137669                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       207837346                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.528404                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371144                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101463406                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    124849506                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18779678                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34510                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2074515                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231160067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179912678     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25417593     11.00%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9585315      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4572388      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3871582      1.67%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2210929      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1920259      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       872992      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2796331      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231160067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    101463406                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    124849506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18500671                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11307339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18003555                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       112487830                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2570906                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2796331                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          371992218                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         290768045                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3060121                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              19629067                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         101463406                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           124849506                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    101463406                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.506310                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.506310                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.398993                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.398993                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      605529166                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     187181510                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     133333928                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        34480                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254298747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       23038572                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19182047                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2093137                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8838896                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8438602                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2478867                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97675                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200548725                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            126379090                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          23038572                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10917469                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            26346603                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5818860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      6854070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12451070                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2000769                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    237456097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      211109494     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1616117      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2045936      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3242704      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1354922      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1747468      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        2039882      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         931909      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       13367665      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    237456097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090596                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.496971                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      199368337                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      8147890                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        26221394                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        12332                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3706142                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3506459                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          557                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    154461232                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2715                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3706142                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      199570029                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        647327                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      6937941                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        26032195                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       562456                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    153510523                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        81160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       392354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    214432601                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    713886389                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    713886389                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    179580028                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       34852573                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        37326                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19517                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1976656                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     14358394                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7520222                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83987                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1703604                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        149904531                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37465                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       143869348                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141974                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18082003                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36725541                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1539                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237456097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176482621     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27817682     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11372915      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6369884      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8626573      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2656193      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2613385      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1406135      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110709      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237456097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        990952     79.10%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133585     10.66%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128279     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121206470     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1967600      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17809      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13180334      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7497135      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    143869348                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.565749                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1252816                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008708                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526589583                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168024679                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140134771                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    145122164                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106323                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2686477                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          682                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103279                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           52                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3706142                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        492827                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62318                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149942001                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117108                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14358394                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7520222                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19517                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54413                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           66                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          682                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1242729                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1173905                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2416634                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141368983                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12967393                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2500365                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           20464059                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       19996856                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7496666                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.555917                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            140135086                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           140134771                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        83958740                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       225509794                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.551064                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372306                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104475992                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    128738915                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21203746                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35926                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2111077                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233749955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179260655     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27615618     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10026587      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4996906      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4565798      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1919308      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1898342      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904307      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2562434      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233749955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    104475992                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    128738915                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             19088860                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11671917                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             17922                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         18660579                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       115906799                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2658462                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2562434                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          381129454                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         303591483                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3039210                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              16842650                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         104475992                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           128738915                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    104475992                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.434040                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.434040                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.410840                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.410840                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      636107741                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     195822232                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     142880395                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        35896                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254298747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19328978                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17248768                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1535162                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12810483                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12593610                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1160610                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46373                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204047425                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            109752289                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19328978                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     13754220                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24462081                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5042314                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3074597                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12342203                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1506988                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    235082593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      210620512     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3727090      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1882889      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3680750      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1183921      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3407578      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         538312      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         876934      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        9164607      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    235082593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.076009                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.431588                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      201561980                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5606501                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24414078                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        19643                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3480390                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1836669                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        18100                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    122801546                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        34156                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3480390                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      201839565                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       3377406                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1378630                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24158124                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       848472                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    122626049                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        95484                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       679998                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    160734185                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    555770115                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    555770115                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    130384361                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       30349799                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        16494                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8350                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1837071                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     22069131                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      3601934                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23783                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       821830                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        121987621                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16552                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       114240034                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74309                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21984200                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44979395                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235082593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184964467     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15839204      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16717949      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9737824      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5012469      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1256134      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1490384      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34686      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29476      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235082593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191889     57.34%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78169     23.36%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64585     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89610937     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897320      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8146      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20151992     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3571639      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    114240034                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.449236                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334643                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463971613                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143988672                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111351042                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    114574677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90898                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4475682                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          305                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        88457                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3480390                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2278798                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104124                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122004250                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6369                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22069131                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3601934                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8347                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40790                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2335                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          305                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1035078                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593436                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1628514                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112791064                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19864785                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1448970                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           23436263                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17145855                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          3571478                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.443538                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            111375857                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           111351042                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        67366891                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       146848535                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.437875                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.458751                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88686110                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     99868581                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22140583                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16426                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1525484                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231602203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194408898     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14620746      6.31%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9385812      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2954691      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4901602      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       956027      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607156      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555509      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3211762      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231602203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     88686110                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     99868581                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             21106921                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            17593444                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8196                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15320931                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        87282847                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1250684                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3211762                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          350399280                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         247501451                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4527765                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              19216154                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          88686110                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            99868581                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     88686110                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.867402                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.867402                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.348748                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.348748                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      524227053                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     145107231                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     130378750                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16410                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254298747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       20977619                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17165749                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2046471                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8621116                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8248954                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2166577                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93340                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201924228                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            117328124                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          20977619                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10415531                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24487705                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5593717                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      4779036                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12352632                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2048570                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    234711560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      210223855     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1144255      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1817072      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2453427      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2525477      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2136191      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1189712      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1773520      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11448051      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    234711560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082492                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461379                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      199870982                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      6849721                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24443730                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        26906                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3520219                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3451783                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    143950264                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1963                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3520219                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      200420551                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1418738                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      4175424                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23927949                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1248677                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    143899042                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       170996                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       544041                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    200811468                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    669444726                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    669444726                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    174119657                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       26691790                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        35664                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18544                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3736847                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     13457367                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7299960                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85873                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1775430                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        143721452                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35792                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       136485059                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18633                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15867585                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38031828                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1270                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234711560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176923007     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23788933     10.14%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12037114      5.13%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9074538      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7123404      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2878365      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1816230      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       944289      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125680      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234711560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25864     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83060     36.70%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117422     51.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114787815     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2039790      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17114      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12363285      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7277055      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    136485059                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.536711                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226346                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507926656                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159625386                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134442215                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    136711405                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       278346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2145882                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          140                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          559                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103996                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3520219                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1134819                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121641                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143757385                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57732                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13457367                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7299960                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18549                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102830                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          559                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1190083                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151236                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2341319                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134605670                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11635836                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1879388                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           18912613                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19128724                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7276777                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.529321                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            134442445                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           134442215                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        77181728                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       207945325                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528678                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371164                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101500438                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    124895119                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18862280                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34522                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2072376                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231191341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179935295     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25417589     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9587020      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4575132      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3868261      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2212658      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1922925      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       875478      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2796983      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231191341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    101500438                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    124895119                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             18507447                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11311483                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             17222                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18010142                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       112528949                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2571860                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2796983                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          372151055                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         291035088                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3057913                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              19587187                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         101500438                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           124895119                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    101500438                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.505396                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.505396                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.399139                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.399139                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      605834198                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     187281730                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     133463166                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        34492                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254298747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19768711                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17840069                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1038053                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7570806                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7074904                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1093781                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45974                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209696423                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            124369710                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19768711                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      8168685                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24594943                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3252406                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      5031648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12036591                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1043368                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    241511459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      216916516     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         877292      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1796517      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         754625      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        4090087      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3636864      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         709359      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1474947      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11255252      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    241511459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077738                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.489069                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      208521880                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      6218899                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24505249                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        77491                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2187935                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1733301                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          511                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    145833707                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2805                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2187935                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      208734475                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       4484171                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1069873                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24384545                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       650453                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    145757899                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           87                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       276035                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       236437                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4271                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    171125434                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    686556780                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    686556780                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    151915202                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       19210202                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16926                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8543                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1643819                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     34403776                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     17405127                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158472                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       842160                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        145478235                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16979                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       139937206                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72618                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11119144                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26601792                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           85                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241511459                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191805665     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14873628      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12218230      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5279310      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6693696      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6484887      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3684197      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289981      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       181865      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241511459                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354242     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2761567     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80074      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87776592     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1222218      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8381      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33563116     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17366899     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    139937206                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.550287                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3195883                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524654366                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156617924                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138744371                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    143133089                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       251304                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1312904                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          569                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3572                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102880                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12393                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2187935                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       4116896                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       184395                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145495298                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1245                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34403776                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17405127                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8545                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       125934                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           82                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3572                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       607271                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       609792                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1217063                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138959223                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33449338                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       977977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           50814764                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18204511                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         17365426                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.546441                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            138748800                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           138744371                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        74925215                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       147585972                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.545596                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112758621                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    132510001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12999209                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16894                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1060868                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239323524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191291025     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17513100      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8223379      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8130559      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2211512      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9463667      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       706353      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       515467      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1268462      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239323524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    112758621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    132510001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             50393116                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            33090869                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8434                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17498453                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       117833445                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1283510                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1268462                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          383563934                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         293206561                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4599860                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              12787288                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         112758621                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           132510001                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    112758621                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.255249                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.255249                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443410                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443410                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      687011066                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     161118991                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     173693594                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16868                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254298747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19789962                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17858096                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1037249                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7432134                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7075220                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1093773                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45742                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209767587                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            124501682                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19789962                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      8168993                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24617630                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       3260053                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      5030510                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12040476                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1042533                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    241612684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      216995054     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         876913      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1796991      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         755092      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        4092619      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3639270      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         705583      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1479015      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11272147      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    241612684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077822                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.489588                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      208592744                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      6218306                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24526892                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        78287                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      2196450                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1736498                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          507                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    145997822                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2776                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      2196450                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      208806100                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       4481578                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1069131                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24406282                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       653136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    145922072                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       277412                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       237556                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3648                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    171323854                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    687316904                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    687316904                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    152007300                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       19316542                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        16938                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8550                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1651189                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     34432301                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores     17416189                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158855                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       849410                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        145638160                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16990                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       140038018                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73347                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11211261                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26890756                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241612684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191879044     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14873837      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12224106      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5286712      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6701657      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6489398      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3685378      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290469      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182083      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241612684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354341     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2764279     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80035      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87845414     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1223657      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8386      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33582292     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17378269     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    140038018                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.550683                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3198655                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524960722                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156869958                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138842372                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    143236673                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252106                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1322304                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          562                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3556                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103894                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12400                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      2196450                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       4114400                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185101                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145655240                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1372                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34432301                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17416189                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8552                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126106                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3556                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       604699                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       612843                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1217542                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139057817                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33468207                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       980201                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  90                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           50845116                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18218516                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores         17376909                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.546829                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            138846825                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           138842372                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        74981724                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       147733480                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.545981                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507547                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112826031                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    132589534                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13080015                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16902                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1060015                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239416234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191355814     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17524270      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8226998      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8135770      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2212447      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9466692      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       708750      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       515734      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1269759      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239416234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    112826031                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    132589534                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             50422285                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            33109990                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              8438                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17509040                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       117904240                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1284350                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1269759                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          383815686                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         293535746                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4600752                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              12686063                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         112826031                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           132589534                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    112826031                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.253901                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.253901                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.443675                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.443675                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      687469184                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     161234218                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     173854519                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        16876                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254298747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20697698                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16970806                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2022811                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8575188                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8093915                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2125733                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91237                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197526051                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            117656318                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20697698                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10219648                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            25877929                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5735914                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      6509239                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12165213                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2007642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    233594904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      207716975     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        2803427      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        3236355      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        1782761      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2070685      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1128631      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         768137      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        2007883      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12080050      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    233594904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081391                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.462670                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      195941009                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      8124494                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        25672802                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       193866                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3662727                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3361883                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        18959                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    143624620                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        93864                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3662727                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      196243926                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2879835                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      4386832                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        25576585                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       844993                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    143538515                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       221476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       394230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    199480197                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    668370897                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    668370897                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    170449105                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       29031087                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        37630                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21019                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2259153                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13693763                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7471198                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197436                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1657576                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        143328864                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37711                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       135477970                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187902                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17858163                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41283544                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4233                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233594904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176509196     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22962026      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12333672      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8539769      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7466613      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3827716      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       913920      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595195      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446797      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233594904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35649     12.17%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125203     42.75%     54.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132042     45.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113393890     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2121027      1.57%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16599      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12528904      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7417550      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    135477970                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.532751                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            292894                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002162                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505031640                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161226001                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133245982                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    135770864                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       344177                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2399677                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          861                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1265                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       163812                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8300                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3662727                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2382292                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       146830                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143366698                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56702                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13693763                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7471198                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20988                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104065                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1265                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172824                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1135663                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2308487                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133495955                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11767418                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1982015                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 123                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           19183165                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18680810                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7415747                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.524957                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            133248001                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           133245982                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        79196188                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       207412519                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.523974                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381829                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100092310                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    122801270                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20566738                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33478                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2034458                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229932177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179773564     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23256664     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9746384      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5861217      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4054934      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2620029      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1356469      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093836      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2169080      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229932177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    100092310                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    122801270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18601472                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11294086                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16702                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17575082                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       110710156                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2498390                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2169080                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          371130429                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         290398811                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3022220                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              20703843                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         100092310                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           122801270                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    100092310                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.540642                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.540642                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393601                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393601                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      602208095                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     184931153                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     134055711                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        33448                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254298747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20720345                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16989103                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024052                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8613762                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8099439                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2127020                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91158                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197657042                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            117762468                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20720345                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10226459                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            25902379                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5745159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      6434166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12173143                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2008495                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    233683259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      207780880     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        2807258      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        3238962      1.39%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        1783475      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2070067      0.89%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1131975      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         767997      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        2007457      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12095188      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    233683259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081480                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.463087                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      196068754                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      8052829                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25695284                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles       195622                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3670764                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3365998                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18909                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    143766059                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        93667                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3670764                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      196373459                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2894854                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      4298069                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        25599004                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       847103                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    143677619                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       220960                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       394938                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    199658384                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    669001147                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    669001147                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    170558451                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       29099924                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        37726                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21081                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2269986                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13715829                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7476547                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       198482                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1660008                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143468018                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37810                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       135593467                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       190396                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17912900                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41410064                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4308                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233683259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176561901     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22962810      9.83%     85.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12348833      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8545572      3.66%     94.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7473549      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3831353      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       916994      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       594626      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       447621      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233683259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35911     12.25%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125525     42.81%     55.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131788     44.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113491963     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2121303      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16610      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12540379      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7423212      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    135593467                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.533205                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            293224                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002163                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505353813                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161419972                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133352937                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    135886691                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       343727                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2414521                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          867                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1247                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       164501                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8306                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           20                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3670764                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2396381                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       147330                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143505947                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56522                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13715829                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7476547                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21077                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104713                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1247                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171829                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1137350                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2309179                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133605673                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11776219                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1987794                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19197650                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18695351                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7421431                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.525389                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            133355110                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           133352937                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        79254725                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       207597335                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.524395                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381771                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100156565                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    122880001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20627218                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33502                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2035770                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230012495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179824545     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23268946     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9752004      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5863777      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4058149      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2622026      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1358085      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1095224      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2169739      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230012495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100156565                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    122880001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18613350                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11301304                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16714                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17586330                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110781147                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2499984                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2169739                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          371349299                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         290685287                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3024483                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              20615488                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100156565                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           122880001                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100156565                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.539012                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.539012                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.393854                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.393854                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      602690395                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     185072476                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     134172123                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33472                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254298747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       23057601                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19198045                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2094320                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8817919                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8442437                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2480651                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97269                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200609068                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            126478242                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          23057601                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10923088                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            26366610                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5829471                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      6784145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12457075                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2002110                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    237475991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      211109381     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1616692      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2040910      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3243064      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1359837      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1752853      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        2039703      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         934126      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       13379425      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    237475991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090671                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.497361                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      199427937                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      8078688                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        26241235                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        12520                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3715609                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3509496                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          559                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    154607802                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2727                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3715609                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      199630007                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        648005                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      6866185                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        26051593                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       564585                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    153656666                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        81568                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       393484                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    214602712                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    714568087                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    714568087                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    179637643                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       34965069                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        37208                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19393                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1981917                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     14387600                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7525120                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84115                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1705778                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        150024438                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37345                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       143953067                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142069                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18153412                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36924727                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1406                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237475991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176478282     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27819964     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11375611      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6374890      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8638724      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2656393      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2615054      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1406558      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110515      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237475991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        991029     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       134878     10.75%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128310     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121277437     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1967620      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17815      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13187728      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7502467      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    143953067                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.566079                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1254217                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008713                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526778411                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168215871                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140211243                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    145207284                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106719                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2711943                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           48                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          679                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105801                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           35                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3715609                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        492991                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62153                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150061789                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117152                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14387600                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7525120                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19393                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54361                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          679                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1240143                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1177719                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2417862                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141448452                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12975015                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2504615                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           20476594                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       20004790                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7501579                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.556229                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            140211853                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           140211243                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        84013618                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       225701327                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.551364                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372234                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104509506                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    128780188                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21282136                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35939                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2112234                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233760382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179256127     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27623906     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10027189      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4996933      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4569401      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1918195      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1900791      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904940      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2562900      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233760382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    104509506                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    128780188                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             19094976                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11675657                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             17928                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         18666587                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       115943937                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2659311                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2562900                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          381259078                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         303840273                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3042196                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              16822756                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         104509506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           128780188                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    104509506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.433259                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.433259                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.410971                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.410971                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      636466903                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     195915925                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     142988500                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        35910                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         293484                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.653029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2331583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         326252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           7.146571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           233.585897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.248688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1801.207358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.977364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1757.388997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.801538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1030.045646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.927005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1255.786745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.106880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  2728.607462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.921763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1015.542526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.661236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1654.361104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.860433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1270.849018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.766872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   984.983656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.902376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1671.872084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.216874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1255.017287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.231263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  2731.020970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.028340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  2733.295870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.038490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1741.888802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.297777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1758.289622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.780209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   994.992272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           382.625880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           419.456613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           298.199222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           349.976595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           437.729726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           309.313330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           394.305715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           337.924098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           327.757796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           384.693472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           342.338792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           422.413398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           451.831568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           427.258843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           456.794217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           351.531335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.054968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.053631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.031434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.038324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.083270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.030992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.050487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.038783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.030059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.051021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.038300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.083344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.083414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.053158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.053659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.030365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.011677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.012801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.009100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.010680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.013358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.009439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.012033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.010313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.010002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.011740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.010447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.012891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.013789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.013039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.013940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.010728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        37356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        25871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        49922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        26042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        27435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        25993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        49664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        50223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        36939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        37731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        26439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  557817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           198667                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                198667                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          216                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2285                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        37512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        26080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        49994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        26255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        27584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        26209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        49733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        50298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        37095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        37887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        26653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   560102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36955                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        37512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        26080                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27643                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        49994                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        26255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        27584                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        26209                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36246                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27633                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        49733                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        50298                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        37095                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        37887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        26653                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  560102                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        31707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        31956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                293335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  41                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        31713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        31965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 293376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19284                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18729                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10802                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13859                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        31713                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10678                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18960                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13912                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10687                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19007                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13878                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        31965                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31455                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19175                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18423                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10254                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                293376                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5637503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3174947499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5602179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3086062891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5828861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1774414213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6256410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2256950057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6131688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5154593030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5275386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1751230983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5110651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3080683495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5862632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2268641280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5533388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1756492393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5353556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3087500255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6078126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2265080700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6200210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5197152291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6240681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5111629818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5763326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3154571861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5505810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3030536354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5114813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1685925573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47927907913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       423733                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       486669                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1004899                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       875993                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1470881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       411633                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       685862                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       988806                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       6348476                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5637503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3175371232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5602179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3086549560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5828861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1774414213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6256410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2256950057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6131688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5155597929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5275386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1751230983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5110651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3080683495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5862632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2268641280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5533388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1756492393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5353556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3088376248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6078126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2265080700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6200210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5198623172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6240681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5112041451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5763326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3155257723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5505810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3031525160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5114813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1685925573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      47934256389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5637503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3175371232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5602179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3086549560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5828861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1774414213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6256410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2256950057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6131688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5155597929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5275386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1751230983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5110651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3080683495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5862632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2268641280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5533388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1756492393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5353556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3088376248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6078126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2265080700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6200210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5198623172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6240681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5112041451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5763326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3155257723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5505810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3031525160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5114813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1685925573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     47934256389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        56082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        81629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        41347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        81675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        56109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        56147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              851152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       198667                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            198667                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          216                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2326                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        56241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        81707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        41496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        81753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        56270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        56310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               853478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        56241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        81707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        41496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        81753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        56270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        56310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              853478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.343812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.335139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.388428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.290795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.336469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.335590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.391522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.385087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.341656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.327996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.279454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.344633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.018868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.076923                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.068493                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.115385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.031056                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.042945                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.017627                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.342894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.292880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.388131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.289118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.335261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.391258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.340768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.327171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.277833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.343742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.342894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.292880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.388131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.289118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.335261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.391258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.340768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.327171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.277833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.343742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156597.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164667.159328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151410.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164800.966090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157536.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164267.192464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152595.365854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162850.859153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157222.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162569.559719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150725.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164003.650777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150313.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162483.306698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154279.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163070.822312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158096.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164357.854683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148709.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162482.909957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155849.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163213.769996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155005.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162634.631712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156017.025000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162521.614460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151666.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164557.739228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152939.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164559.967094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150435.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164416.381217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163389.666808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 141244.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       162223                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 167483.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 175198.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163431.222222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       137211                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 137172.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       141258                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154840.878049                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156597.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164663.515453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151410.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164800.553153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157536.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164267.192464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152595.365854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162850.859153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157222.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162570.489358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150725.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164003.650777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150313.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162483.306698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154279.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163070.822312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158096.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164357.854683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148709.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162486.254959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155849.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163213.769996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155005.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162634.855999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156017.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162519.200477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151666.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164550.598331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152939.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164551.113282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150435.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164416.381217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163388.472094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156597.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164663.515453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151410.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164800.553153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157536.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164267.192464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152595.365854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162850.859153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157222.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162570.489358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150725.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164003.650777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150313.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162483.306698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154279.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163070.822312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158096.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164357.854683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148709.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162486.254959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155849.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163213.769996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155005.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162634.855999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156017.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162519.200477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151666.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164550.598331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152939.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164551.113282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150435.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164416.381217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163388.472094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               100542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    100542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        31707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        31956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           293335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             41                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        31713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        31965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            293376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        31713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        31965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           293376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3544449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2052015426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3448920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1995415123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3678255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1145366647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3873072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1449863803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3862729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3308923388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3239324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1129469694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3129934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1976231553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3655238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1458526146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3500058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1134157490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3255843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1980491786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3810838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1456941858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3870459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3337005449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3917727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3280783275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3551477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2038032324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3407258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1958017106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3135623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1088817243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30846939515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       249589                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       312039                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       656844                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       584186                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       947130                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       236824                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       392987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       581218                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3960817                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3544449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2052265015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3448920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1995727162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3678255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1145366647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3873072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1449863803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3862729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3309580232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3239324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1129469694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3129934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1976231553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3655238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1458526146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3500058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1134157490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3255843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1981075972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3810838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1456941858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3870459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3337952579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3917727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3281020099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3551477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2038425311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3407258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1958598324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3135623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1088817243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30850900332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3544449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2052265015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3448920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1995727162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3678255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1145366647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3873072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1449863803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3862729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3309580232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3239324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1129469694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3129934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1976231553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3655238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1458526146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3500058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1134157490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3255843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1981075972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3810838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1456941858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3870459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3337952579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3917727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3281020099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3551477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2038425311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3407258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1958598324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3135623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1088817243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30850900332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.343812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.335139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.388428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.290795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.336469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.335590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.391522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.385087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.341656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.327996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.279454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.344633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.018868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.068493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.115385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.031056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.042945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.342894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.292880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.388131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.289118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.335261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.391258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.340768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.327171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.277833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.343742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.342894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.292880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.388131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.289118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.335261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.391258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.340768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.327171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.277833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.343742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98456.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106426.815310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93214.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106558.534818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99412.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106032.831605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94465.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104615.325998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99044.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104359.396600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92552.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105775.397453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92056.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104231.621994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96190.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104839.429701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 100001.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106124.963975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90440.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104225.438691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97713.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104982.119758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 96761.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104425.004663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97943.175000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104310.799790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93459.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106313.631925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94646.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106321.519657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92224.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106184.634582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105159.423577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 83196.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       104013                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       109474                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 116837.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105236.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 78941.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 78597.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 83031.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96605.292683                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98456.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106423.201359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93214.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106558.127076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99412.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106032.831605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94465.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104615.325998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99044.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104360.364267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92552.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105775.397453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92056.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104231.621994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96190.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104839.429701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 100001.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106124.963975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90440.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104228.756353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97713.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104982.119758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 96761.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104425.233193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97943.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104308.380194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93459.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106306.404746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94646.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106312.670249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92224.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106184.634582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105158.228117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98456.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106423.201359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93214.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106558.127076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99412.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106032.831605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94465.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104615.325998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99044.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104360.364267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92552.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105775.397453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92056.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104231.621994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96190.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104839.429701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 100001.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106124.963975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90440.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104228.756353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97713.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104982.119758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 96761.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104425.233193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97943.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104308.380194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93459.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106306.404746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94646.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106312.670249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92224.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106184.634582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105158.228117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              517.812899                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012173170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1950237.321773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    35.812899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.057392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12165078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12165078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12165078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12165078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12165078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12165078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7566978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7566978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7566978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7566978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7566978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7566978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12165124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12165124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12165124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12165124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12165124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12165124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164499.521739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164499.521739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164499.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164499.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164499.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164499.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6212084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6212084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6212084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6212084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6212084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6212084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167894.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167894.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167894.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167894.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167894.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167894.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                56239                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172663873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3056.268218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.810673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.189327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8584076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8584076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7261076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7261076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15845152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15845152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15845152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15845152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       195774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       195774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       195774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       195774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24903913585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24903913585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    492690756                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    492690756                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25396604341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25396604341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25396604341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25396604341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8776046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8776046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16040926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16040926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16040926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16040926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 129728.153279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129728.153279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 129519.126183                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129519.126183                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 129724.091764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129724.091764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 129724.091764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129724.091764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           19405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       135890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       139535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       139535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5852683004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5852683004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10920494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10920494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5863603498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5863603498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5863603498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5863603498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104363.106348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104363.106348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 68682.352201                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68682.352201                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104262.229023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104262.229023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104262.229023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104262.229023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              517.744504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1012177522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1946495.234615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    35.744504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.057283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12169430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12169430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12169430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12169430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12169430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12169430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7499168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7499168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7499168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7499168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7499168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7499168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12169476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12169476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12169476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12169476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12169476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12169476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163025.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163025.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163025.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163025.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163025.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163025.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6281678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6281678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6281678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6281678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6281678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6281678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165307.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165307.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165307.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165307.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165307.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165307.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                56241                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              172670141                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                56497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              3056.270970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.809217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.190783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.913317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.086683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8585763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8585763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7265543                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7265543                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17857                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17857                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16718                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16718                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15851306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15851306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15851306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15851306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       192176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3799                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3799                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       195975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       195975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       195975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       195975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24795593647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24795593647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    481152194                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    481152194                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  25276745841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25276745841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  25276745841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25276745841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8777939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8777939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7269342                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7269342                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16718                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16718                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16047281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16047281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16047281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16047281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 129025.443588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129025.443588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 126652.327981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126652.327981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 128979.440444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128979.440444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 128979.440444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128979.440444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        87435                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        87435                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19591                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           19591                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       136094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       139734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       139734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        56082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        56241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        56241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5795375529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5795375529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10971152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10971152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5806346681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5806346681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5806346681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5806346681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103337.533059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103337.533059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 69000.955975                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69000.955975                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103240.459469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103240.459469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103240.459469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103240.459469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              493.173473                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1014239736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2053116.874494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    38.173473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.061175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12450778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12450778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12450778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12450778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12450778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12450778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8563148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8563148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8563148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8563148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8563148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8563148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12450827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12450827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12450827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12450827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12450827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12450827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174758.122449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174758.122449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174758.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174758.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174758.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174758.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6982208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6982208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6982208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6982208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6982208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6982208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 179030.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179030.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 179030.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179030.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 179030.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179030.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                36881                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              164378285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                37137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4426.267200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.475591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.524409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      9927599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9927599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7376656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7376656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19127                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19127                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17945                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17945                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17304255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       17304255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17304255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      17304255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        94608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        96707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        96707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        96707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        96707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10144814157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10144814157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    139641508                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139641508                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10284455665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10284455665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10284455665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10284455665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     10022207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10022207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7378755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7378755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        19127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17945                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17945                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17400962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17400962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17400962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17400962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000284                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000284                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107229.982211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107229.982211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 66527.636017                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66527.636017                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106346.548492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106346.548492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106346.548492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106346.548492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       166179                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 20772.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        57935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        59825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        59825                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59825                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3616529356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3616529356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15949347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15949347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3632478703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3632478703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3632478703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3632478703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 98615.585199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98615.585199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 76312.665072                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76312.665072                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 98489.200775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98489.200775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 98489.200775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98489.200775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              516.901753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1011050426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1951834.799228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    41.901753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.067150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12354591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12354591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12354591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12354591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12354591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12354591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9169948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9169948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9169948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9169948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9169948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9169948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12354643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12354643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12354643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12354643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12354643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12354643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176345.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176345.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176345.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176345.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176345.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176345.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7580442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7580442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7580442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7580442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7580442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7580442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176289.348837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176289.348837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176289.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176289.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176289.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176289.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                41502                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              166596961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                41758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3989.581900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.362876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.637124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8505386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8505386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7160030                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7160030                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18677                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18677                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17242                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17242                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15665416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15665416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15665416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15665416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       133009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       133877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       133877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       133877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       133877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16281381264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16281381264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     75109182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75109182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16356490446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16356490446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16356490446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16356490446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8638395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8638395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7160898                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7160898                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18677                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18677                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17242                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17242                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15799293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15799293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15799293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15799293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122408.117225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122408.117225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86531.315668                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86531.315668                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122175.507712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122175.507712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122175.507712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122175.507712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8733                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8733                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        91656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        92375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        92375                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92375                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4240681012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4240681012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10032541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10032541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4250713553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4250713553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4250713553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4250713553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102548.328102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102548.328102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67332.489933                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67332.489933                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102421.896607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102421.896607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102421.896607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102421.896607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              579.292317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1041620800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1786656.603774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    38.217964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.074353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.061247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12038019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12038019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12038019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12038019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12038019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12038019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9478204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9478204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9478204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9478204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9478204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9478204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12038071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12038071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12038071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12038071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12038071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12038071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 182273.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182273.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 182273.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182273.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 182273.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182273.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7683624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7683624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7683624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7683624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7683624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7683624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 192090.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192090.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 192090.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192090.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 192090.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192090.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                81707                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              450443311                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                81963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              5495.690873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.908775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.091225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     31585476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31585476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17296707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17296707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8446                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8446                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8438                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8438                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     48882183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       48882183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     48882183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      48882183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       289054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       289054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       289313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       289313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       289313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       289313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  34571308556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34571308556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     24668475                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24668475                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  34595977031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34595977031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  34595977031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34595977031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     31874530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31874530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17296966                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17296966                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8446                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8446                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8438                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8438                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     49171496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49171496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     49171496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49171496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119601.557342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119601.557342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95245.077220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95245.077220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119579.752832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119579.752832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119579.752832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119579.752832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           16517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       207425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       207425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       207606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       207606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       207606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       207606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        81629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        81707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        81707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8970609096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8970609096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6240715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6240715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8976849811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8976849811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8976849811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8976849811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109894.879222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109894.879222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 80009.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80009.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109866.349407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109866.349407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109866.349407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109866.349407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              491.468166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1014240757                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2061464.953252                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    36.468166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.058443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12451799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12451799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12451799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12451799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12451799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12451799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8618016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8618016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8618016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8618016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8618016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8618016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12451848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12451848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12451848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12451848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12451848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12451848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175877.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175877.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175877.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175877.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175877.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175877.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6747482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6747482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6747482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6747482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6747482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6747482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 182364.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182364.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 182364.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182364.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 182364.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182364.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                36933                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              164385420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                37189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4420.269972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.475511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.524489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.912014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.087986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      9931051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9931051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7380255                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7380255                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19203                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19203                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17953                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17953                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17311306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       17311306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17311306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      17311306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        94751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2177                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2177                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        96928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        96928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        96928                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        96928                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10091583891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10091583891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    145052109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    145052109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10236636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10236636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10236636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10236636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     10025802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10025802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7382432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7382432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19203                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19203                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17953                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17953                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17408234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17408234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17408234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17408234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106506.357622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106506.357622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 66629.356454                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66629.356454                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105610.721360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105610.721360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105610.721360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105610.721360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       143289                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 20469.857143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        58031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        59995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        59995                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59995                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3601927799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3601927799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     16182416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16182416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3618110215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3618110215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3618110215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3618110215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98091.715659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98091.715659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 75973.784038                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75973.784038                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97964.157122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97964.157122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97964.157122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97964.157122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              558.468971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              931039647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1656654.176157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.318457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.150515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.053395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12342464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12342464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12342464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12342464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12342464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12342464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6627590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6627590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6627590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6627590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6627590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6627590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12342508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12342508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12342508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12342508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12342508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12342508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150627.045455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150627.045455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150627.045455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150627.045455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150627.045455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150627.045455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5570492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5570492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5570492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5570492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5570492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5570492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159156.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159156.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159156.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159156.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159156.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159156.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                55260                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              224727678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                55516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4047.980366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   202.111668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    53.888332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.789499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.210501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     18145102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18145102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3496559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3496559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8258                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8258                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21641661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       21641661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21641661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      21641661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       192050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       192382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       192382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       192382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       192382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21733004586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21733004586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     29124024                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29124024                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21762128610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21762128610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21762128610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21762128610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18337152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18337152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3496891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3496891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8258                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8258                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21834043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21834043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21834043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21834043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113163.262619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113163.262619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 87722.963855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87722.963855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113119.359452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113119.359452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113119.359452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113119.359452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            6557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       136860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       137122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       137122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5711030803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5711030803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4710883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4710883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5715741686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5715741686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5715741686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5715741686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103479.449230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103479.449230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67298.328571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67298.328571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103433.617191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103433.617191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103433.617191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103433.617191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              515.374500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1011048659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1959396.625969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    40.374500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.064703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.825921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12352824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12352824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12352824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12352824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12352824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12352824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8423065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8423065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8423065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8423065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8423065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8423065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12352871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12352871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12352871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12352871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12352871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12352871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179214.148936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179214.148936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179214.148936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179214.148936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179214.148936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179214.148936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7165489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7165489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7165489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7165489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7165489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7165489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 174768.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174768.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 174768.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174768.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 174768.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174768.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                41496                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              166593727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                41752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3990.077769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.364463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.635537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.911580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.088420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8502862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8502862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7159353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7159353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18646                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18646                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17240                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17240                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15662215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15662215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15662215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15662215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       132986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          865                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          865                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       133851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       133851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       133851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       133851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16297962341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16297962341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     74655012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74655012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16372617353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16372617353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16372617353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16372617353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8635848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8635848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7160218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7160218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18646                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18646                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17240                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17240                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15796066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15796066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15796066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15796066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122553.970651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122553.970651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 86306.372254                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86306.372254                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122319.723820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122319.723820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122319.723820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122319.723820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        91639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        92355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        92355                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92355                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        41347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        41496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        41496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4251361083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4251361083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9967637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9967637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4261328720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4261328720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4261328720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4261328720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102821.512637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102821.512637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 66896.892617                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66896.892617                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102692.517833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102692.517833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102692.517833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102692.517833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              491.432347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1014239981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2061463.376016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    36.432347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.058385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12451023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12451023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12451023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12451023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12451023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12451023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8290916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8290916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8290916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8290916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8290916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8290916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12451070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12451070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12451070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12451070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12451070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12451070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176402.468085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176402.468085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176402.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176402.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176402.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176402.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6591268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6591268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6591268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6591268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6591268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6591268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 178142.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178142.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 178142.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178142.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 178142.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178142.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                36896                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              164381337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                37152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4424.562258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.467817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.532183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.911984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.088016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9928708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9928708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7378492                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7378492                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19231                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19231                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17307200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       17307200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17307200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      17307200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        94655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2190                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2190                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        96845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        96845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        96845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        96845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10070964433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10070964433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    146940168                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146940168                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10217904601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10217904601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10217904601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10217904601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     10023363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10023363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7380682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7380682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19231                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19231                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17404045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17404045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17404045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17404045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106396.539359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106396.539359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 67095.967123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67095.967123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105507.817657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105507.817657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105507.817657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105507.817657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       190790                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 27255.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        57975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        59949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        59949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3604015935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3604015935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     16616213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16616213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3620632148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3620632148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3620632148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3620632148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98255.614368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98255.614368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 76926.912037                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76926.912037                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98130.749892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98130.749892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98130.749892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98130.749892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              559.482225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              931039340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1650778.971631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    35.298710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   524.183515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.056568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.840038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12342157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12342157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12342157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12342157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12342157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12342157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7128216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7128216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7128216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7128216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7128216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7128216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12342203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12342203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12342203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12342203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12342203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12342203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154961.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154961.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154961.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154961.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154961.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154961.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5871903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5871903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5871903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5871903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5871903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5871903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158700.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158700.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158700.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158700.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158700.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158700.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                55253                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              224720760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                55509                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4048.366211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   202.887254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    53.112746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.792528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.207472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     18138197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18138197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3496530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3496530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8274                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8274                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21634727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       21634727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21634727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      21634727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       191861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       192220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       192220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       192220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       192220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21710293468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21710293468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     32108772                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32108772                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21742402240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21742402240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21742402240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21742402240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18330058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18330058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3496889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3496889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8274                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8274                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21826947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21826947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21826947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21826947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113156.365640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113156.365640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 89439.476323                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89439.476323                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113112.070752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113112.070752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113112.070752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113112.070752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            6557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       136681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       136967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       136967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       136967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       136967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5715287336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5715287336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5493942                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5493942                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5720781278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5720781278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5720781278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5720781278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103575.341356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103575.341356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 75259.479452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75259.479452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103537.930574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103537.930574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103537.930574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103537.930574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              515.512190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1011048421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1955606.230174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    40.512190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.064923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12352586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12352586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12352586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12352586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12352586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12352586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8513797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8513797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8513797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8513797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8513797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8513797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12352632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12352632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12352632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12352632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12352632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12352632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 185082.543478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185082.543478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 185082.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 185082.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 185082.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 185082.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7320034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7320034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7320034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7320034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7320034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7320034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174286.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174286.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174286.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174286.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174286.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174286.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                41511                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              166600581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                41767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3988.808892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.363593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.636407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.911577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.088423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8507389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8507389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7161916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7161916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18404                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18404                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17246                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17246                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15669305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       15669305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15669305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      15669305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       132990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       133914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       133914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       133914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       133914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16308725474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16308725474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     80818513                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80818513                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16389543987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16389543987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16389543987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16389543987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8640379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8640379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7162840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7162840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        18404                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18404                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17246                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17246                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15803219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15803219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15803219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15803219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122631.216437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122631.216437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 87465.923160                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87465.923160                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122388.577647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122388.577647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122388.577647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122388.577647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        91636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        92403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        92403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4249321968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4249321968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10645641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10645641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4259967609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4259967609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4259967609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4259967609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102754.799246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102754.799246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 67806.630573                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67806.630573                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102622.620727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102622.620727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102622.620727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102622.620727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              580.006713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1041619321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1783594.727740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.932432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.074281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.062392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12036540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12036540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12036540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12036540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12036540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12036540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8247752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8247752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8247752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8247752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8247752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8247752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12036591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12036591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12036591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12036591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12036591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12036591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161720.627451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161720.627451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161720.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161720.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161720.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161720.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6881119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6881119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6881119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6881119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6881119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6881119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167832.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167832.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167832.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167832.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167832.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167832.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                81698                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              450412315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                81954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5495.916185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.908170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.091830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     31566312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31566312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17284878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17284878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8447                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8447                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8434                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8434                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     48851190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       48851190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     48851190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      48851190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       289108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       289108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       289367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       289367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       289367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       289367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34721580107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34721580107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     25720225                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25720225                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34747300332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34747300332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34747300332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34747300332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     31855420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31855420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17285137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17285137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8447                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8447                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8434                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8434                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49140557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49140557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49140557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49140557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120098.994518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120098.994518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99305.888031                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99305.888031                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120080.383499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120080.383499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120080.383499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120080.383499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16012                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           16012                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       207488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       207488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       207669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       207669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       207669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       207669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        81620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        81698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        81698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8999936796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8999936796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6453141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6453141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9006389937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9006389937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9006389937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9006389937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110266.317030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110266.317030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 82732.576923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82732.576923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110240.029585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110240.029585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110240.029585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110240.029585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              580.803314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1041623202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1783601.373288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    39.767065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.036250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.063729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.867045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12040421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12040421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12040421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12040421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12040421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12040421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9554495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9554495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9554495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9554495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9554495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9554495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12040476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12040476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12040476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12040476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12040476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12040476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 173718.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173718.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 173718.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173718.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 173718.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173718.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7438838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7438838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7438838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7438838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7438838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7438838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 181435.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181435.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 181435.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181435.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 181435.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181435.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                81753                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              450438995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                82009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              5492.555634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.908753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.091247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.437144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.562856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     31582944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31582944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17294917                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17294917                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8452                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8452                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8438                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8438                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     48877861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       48877861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     48877861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      48877861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       289676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       289676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       289935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       289935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       289935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       289935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34562139852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34562139852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23602911                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23602911                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34585742763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34585742763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34585742763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34585742763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     31872620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31872620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17295176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17295176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8452                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8452                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8438                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8438                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     49167796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49167796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     49167796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49167796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119313.094119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119313.094119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91130.930502                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91130.930502                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119287.918889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119287.918889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119287.918889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119287.918889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           16975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       208001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       208182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       208182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        81675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        81753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        81753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8949625839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8949625839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5751126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5751126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8955376965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8955376965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8955376965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8955376965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109576.073939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109576.073939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 73732.384615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73732.384615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109541.875711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109541.875711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109541.875711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109541.875711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              520.050150                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1012173257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1942750.973129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    38.050150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.060978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12165165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12165165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12165165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12165165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12165165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12165165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7824329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7824329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7824329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7824329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7824329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7824329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12165213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12165213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12165213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12165213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12165213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12165213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163006.854167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163006.854167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163006.854167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163006.854167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163006.854167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163006.854167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6447486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6447486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6447486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6447486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6447486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6447486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165320.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165320.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165320.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165320.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165320.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165320.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                56270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              172673994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                56526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3054.771150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.854832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.145168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.913495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.086505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8587420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8587420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7267754                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7267754                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16724                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16724                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15855174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15855174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15855174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15855174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       192041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       195850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       195850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       195850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       195850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  24768003949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24768003949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    471385264                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    471385264                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25239389213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25239389213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25239389213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25239389213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8779461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8779461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7271563                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7271563                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16724                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16724                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16051024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16051024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16051024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16051024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 128972.479569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128972.479569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123755.648202                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123755.648202                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 128871.019724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128871.019724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 128871.019724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128871.019724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           18934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       135932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       139580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       139580                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139580                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        56109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        56270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        56270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5841210235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5841210235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11164230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11164230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5852374465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5852374465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5852374465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5852374465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104104.693276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104104.693276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69343.043478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69343.043478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104005.233073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104005.233073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104005.233073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104005.233073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              517.912222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1012181188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1950252.770713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    35.912222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.057552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12173096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12173096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12173096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12173096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12173096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12173096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7372317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7372317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7372317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7372317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7372317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7372317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12173143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12173143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12173143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12173143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12173143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12173143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156857.808511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156857.808511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156857.808511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156857.808511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156857.808511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156857.808511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6017778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6017778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6017778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6017778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6017778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6017778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162642.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162642.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162642.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162642.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162642.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162642.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                56310                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              172685762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                56566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3052.819043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.812296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.187704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.913329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.086671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8594473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8594473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7272396                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7272396                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16736                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16736                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15866869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15866869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15866869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15866869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       192482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       196286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       196286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       196286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       196286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24745889707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24745889707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    483213869                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    483213869                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25229103576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25229103576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25229103576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25229103576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8786955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8786955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7276200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7276200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16736                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16736                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16063155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16063155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16063155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16063155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 128562.097791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128562.097791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 127027.830967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127027.830967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 128532.363877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128532.363877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 128532.363877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128532.363877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       227609                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 113804.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19680                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           19680                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       136335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       139976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       139976                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139976                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        56147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        56310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        56310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5761441670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5761441670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     11475480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11475480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5772917150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5772917150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5772917150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5772917150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102613.526457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102613.526457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 70401.717791                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70401.717791                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102520.283253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102520.283253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102520.283253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102520.283253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              490.508580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1014245987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2065674.107943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.508580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.056905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12457029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12457029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12457029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12457029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12457029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12457029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8081869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8081869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8081869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8081869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8081869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8081869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12457075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12457075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12457075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12457075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12457075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12457075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175692.804348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175692.804348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175692.804348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175692.804348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175692.804348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175692.804348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6470956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6470956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6470956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6470956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6470956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6470956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179748.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179748.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179748.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179748.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179748.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179748.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                36907                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              164389863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                37163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4423.482039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.476010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.523990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9935007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9935007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7380832                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7380832                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17955                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17955                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17315839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       17315839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17315839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      17315839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        94818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2213                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2213                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        97031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        97031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        97031                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        97031                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9992838605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9992838605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    145657646                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    145657646                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10138496251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10138496251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10138496251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10138496251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     10029825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10029825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7383045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7383045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19111                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19111                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17955                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17955                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17412870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17412870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17412870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17412870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105389.679228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105389.679228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 65819.089923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65819.089923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104487.187095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104487.187095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104487.187095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104487.187095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       149762                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 18720.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        58125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        60124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        60124                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60124                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3556512022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3556512022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16356184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16356184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3572868206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3572868206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3572868206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3572868206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 96926.171804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96926.171804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 76430.766355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76430.766355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 96807.332105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96807.332105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 96807.332105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96807.332105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
