
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.117696                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                117696227133                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               644798290041                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 296550                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   375595                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1993860                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67752928                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59029.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17505154134                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22171138749                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2502144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         6016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4660608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1624832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      3950208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1625344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2449536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2441216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1625216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      3953792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2439040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1159936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4665600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4666880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1625088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2525312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4676096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             46670848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         6016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           80000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11280000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11280000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        19548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        36411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        12694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        30861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        12698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        19137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        19072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        12697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        30889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        19055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         9062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        36450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        36460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        12696                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        19729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        36532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                364616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           88125                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                88125                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21259339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        51115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     39598619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        45677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13805302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        43502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     33562741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13809653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        36977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20812358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        36977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     20741667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13808565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        40239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     33593192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        38064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     20723179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        36977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      9855337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39641033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     39651908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        46764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13807477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        39152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21456185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39730212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               396536483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        51115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        45677                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        43502                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46764                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        36977                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        36977                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47852                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        40239                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        38064                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        36977                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42414                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42414                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        46764                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        39152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45677                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             679716                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          95839946                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               95839946                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          95839946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        39152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21259339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        51115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     39598619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        45677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13805302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        43502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     33562741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        46764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13809653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        36977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20812358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        36977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     20741667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        47852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13808565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        40239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     33593192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        38064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     20723179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        36977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      9855337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        42414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39641033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        42414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     39651908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        46764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13807477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        39152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21456185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        45677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39730212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              492376429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              282245150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20715270                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16987975                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2026724                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8534682                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8087740                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2122029                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90981                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197588546                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117769435                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20715270                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10209769                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25902396                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5773208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     18876492                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12177524                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2015561                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    246078244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      220175848     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2805725      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3242303      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1782597      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2067916      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1126791      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         766974      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        2009575      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12100515      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    246078244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073395                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.417259                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195992451                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     20503371                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25696544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       193938                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3691934                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3362679                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18876                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143785070                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        93525                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3691934                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196295715                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       6469972                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     13173722                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25595477                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       851418                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143697558                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       223454                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       392856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199653013                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    669067787                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    669067787                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291692                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29361281                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37588                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20970                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2285752                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13731313                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7469704                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196998                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1660700                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143454752                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37659                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135484075                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       191230                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18090722                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41907540                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4209                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    246078244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189006345     76.81%     76.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22938433      9.32%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12332031      5.01%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8546663      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7470204      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3829390      1.56%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       916098      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595403      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443677      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    246078244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35372     11.98%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       128574     43.55%     55.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131296     44.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113404699     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2120175      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12525972      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7416645      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135484075                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.480023                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295242                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517532862                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161584414                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133233352                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135779317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       341744                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2447630                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          878                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1285                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       169032                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8293                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4205                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3691934                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       5988810                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       148582                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143492528                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        73638                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13731313                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7469704                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20952                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103850                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1285                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1170535                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1143554                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2314089                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133489979                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11763030                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1994092                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19178046                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18673911                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7415016                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.472958                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133235442                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133233352                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79194780                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207488173                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.472048                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381683                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20805745                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2038518                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242386310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192266903     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23244923      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9740823      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5849008      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4052787      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2611732      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1362227      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1092123      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2165784      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242386310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584355                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283683                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496073                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2165784                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          383713491                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290679307                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3029386                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              36166906                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687896                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.822451                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.822451                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.354302                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.354302                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      602110514                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184904712                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134159484                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33420                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              282245150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19023567                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17166879                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       995000                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7140848                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6801048                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1049294                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201781763                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            119538003                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19023567                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      7850342                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23643636                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       3141748                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     28508849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11574476                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       999077                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    256056109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      232412473     90.77%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         843792      0.33%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1723465      0.67%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         735430      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        3927152      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3505577      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         676463      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1416197      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10815560      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    256056109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.067401                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.423525                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      199669901                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     30633472                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23556341                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        75038                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      2121352                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1668840                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          511                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    140162718                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2843                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      2121352                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      199937548                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles      28472354                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1242672                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23395075                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       887101                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    140087072                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       455982                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       291792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8093                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    164464274                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    659749080                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    659749080                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    145813777                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       18650485                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        16247                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8202                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2053704                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     33048944                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     16711410                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       153109                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       813512                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        139816003                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16297                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       134351743                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77245                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10862761                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26151072                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256056109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207790592     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14746950      5.76%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11927804      4.66%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5149005      2.01%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6435473      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6094951      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3464376      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       276397      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       170561      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256056109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338090     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2581474     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75377      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84282287     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1173479      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8044      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32216375     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16671558     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    134351743                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.476011                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2994941                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022292                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527831781                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150698535                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133207228                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    137346684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241655                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1287465                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          509                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3482                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104344                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11849                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      2121352                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles      27785057                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       265218                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139832390                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1331                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33048944                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16711410                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       164108                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          127                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3482                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       578909                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       588813                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1167722                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133418295                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32112478                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       933448                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  90                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           48782367                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17483893                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         16669889                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.472704                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            133210785                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           133207228                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        71966792                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       142100903                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.471956                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506449                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108229608                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    127187661                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12660221                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16213                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1016860                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253934757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207626477     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17048600      6.71%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7937849      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7805605      3.07%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2160583      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8928245      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       679968      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       496257      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1251173      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253934757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    108229608                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    127187661                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             48368538                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            31761472                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8094                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         16795892                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       113100376                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1231984                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1251173                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          392531141                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         281817309                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4330061                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              26189041                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         108229608                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           127187661                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    108229608                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.607837                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.607837                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.383460                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.383460                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      659569308                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     154687329                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     166883778                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              282245150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       21852754                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17882687                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2133944                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8920238                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8583147                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2252049                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96759                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210223596                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            122240521                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          21852754                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10835196                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            25508025                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5844216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     11316320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1916                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12865061                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2135887                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    250732418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      225224393     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1191145      0.48%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1886810      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2557559      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2631339      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        2223782      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1231872      0.49%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1848153      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11937365      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    250732418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077425                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.433101                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      208061799                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     13498661                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        25459374                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        30427                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3682155                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3595517                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    149992323                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2001                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3682155                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      208635219                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1875549                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     10298229                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24922818                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles      1318446                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    149935155                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       197260                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       564902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    209224659                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    697528235                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    697528235                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    181208685                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       28015974                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        36889                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19073                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         3915909                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     14036029                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7601663                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89705                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1807764                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        149741453                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37019                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       142128840                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19511                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16679093                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40011874                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1090                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250732418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190604066     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24706085      9.85%     85.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12523821      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9469138      3.78%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7427833      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2997425      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1890538      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       982082      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131430      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250732418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27096     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90721     37.84%     49.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121962     50.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119539447     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2124301      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17812      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12868906      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7578374      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    142128840                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.503565                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            239779                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001687                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    535249388                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    166458149                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139988876                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    142368619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       291256                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2263907                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          586                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       112599                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3682155                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1553731                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129169                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149778622                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        61637                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14036029                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7601663                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19077                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       108883                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          586                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1236755                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1206868                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2443623                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140160297                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12111167                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1968543                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 150                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           19689247                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       19917718                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7578080                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.496591                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            139989086                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           139988876                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        80374317                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       216613509                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.495983                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371049                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105633326                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    129980763                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19797888                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35929                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2160905                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    247050263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193728978     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26430811     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9986631      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4753984      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4011635      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2295374      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2020673      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910126      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2912051      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    247050263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    105633326                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    129980763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             19261186                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11772122                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             17924                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         18743486                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       117111107                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2676610                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2912051                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          393916135                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         303239520                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3187121                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              31512732                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         105633326                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           129980763                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    105633326                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.671933                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.671933                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.374261                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.374261                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      630778767                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     195009731                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     139037795                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        35898                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              282245150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19858840                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16241086                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1939996                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8280105                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7838715                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2043988                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86329                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192790575                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            112669790                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19858840                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9882703                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            23615566                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5638783                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      8919008                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11855296                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1952709                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    228980932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      205365366     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1283566      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2025628      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3217736      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1333518      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1493569      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1590486      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1036066      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11634997      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    228980932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.070360                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.399191                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      190953701                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     10770258                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        23542361                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        59283                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3655328                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3255381                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          456                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    137579507                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2965                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3655328                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      191246981                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2152361                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      7749534                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23313583                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       863132                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    137488607                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents        39750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       235801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       317491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents        63012                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    190874519                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    639581365                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    639581365                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    162976503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       27898016                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        35587                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19824                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2539888                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13105904                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7046990                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211949                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1596820                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        137294592                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35693                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       129991665                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163967                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17307345                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38527060                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3907                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228980932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260882                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174134007     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22038478      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12039607      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8199918      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7659930      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2204927      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1718400      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       585856      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       399809      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228980932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30186     12.60%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92200     38.49%     51.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117159     48.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108891548     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2054577      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15759      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12019790      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7009991      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    129991665                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.460563                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            239545                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    489367774                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154639069                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127905004                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    130231210                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       393758                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2349167                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          375                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1460                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       208772                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8082                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3655328                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1373060                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117896                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137330435                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56835                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13105904                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7046990                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19818                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86903                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1460                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1133303                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1106917                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2240220                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128142684                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11304551                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1848981                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 150                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18312825                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18037339                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7008274                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.454012                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            127905884                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           127905004                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        74788085                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       195340104                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.453170                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382861                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95732082                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    117343351                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19987495                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31786                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1981542                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225325604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177693695     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23067878     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8978391      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4839518      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3621893      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2023152      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1247822      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1116167      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2737088      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225325604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     95732082                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    117343351                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             17594955                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10756737                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             15858                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         16844058                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       105735288                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2383850                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2737088                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          359918725                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         278317255                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3124270                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              53264218                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          95732082                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           117343351                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     95732082                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.948282                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.948282                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.339181                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.339181                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      577873487                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     177291310                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     128339151                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        31758                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              282245150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       21834771                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17866365                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2136742                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9121056                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8604304                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2257078                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97381                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210423151                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            122069950                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          21834771                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10861382                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25494522                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5818847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     11231472                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12873379                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2138046                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    250803496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      225308974     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1193815      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1892117      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2559218      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2632764      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2224738      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1241416      0.49%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1847111      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11903343      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    250803496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077361                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.432496                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      208255980                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     13417043                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25447100                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        29396                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3653975                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3593247                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    149799546                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1959                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3653975                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      208829230                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1885187                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     10207560                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24909856                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1317686                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    149741362                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       196512                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       565113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    208961031                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    696594835                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    696594835                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    181328725                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       27632264                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        37496                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19669                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         3911271                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     14025095                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7597222                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89739                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1781907                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        149555971                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37628                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       142109986                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19623                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16409454                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39158956                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1680                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250803496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190668891     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24724777      9.86%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12531511      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9450136      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7424251      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2995639      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1892437      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       984874      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       130980      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250803496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26942     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86507     36.69%     48.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122347     51.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119522670     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2118047      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17823      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12878484      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7572962      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    142109986                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.503498                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235796                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    535278884                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    166003640                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139969739                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    142345782                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       288595                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2245198                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          588                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103250                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3653975                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1563466                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129669                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149593745                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14025095                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7597222                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19673                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109416                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          588                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1245582                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1197803                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2443385                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140140573                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12118010                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1969410                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           19690672                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19920116                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7572662                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.496521                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            139969967                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           139969739                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        80348029                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       216502999                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.495915                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105703238                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    130066805                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19526941                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35948                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2163722                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    247149521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193802610     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26433488     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9996514      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4762593      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4005965      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2303045      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2019882      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909259      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2916165      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    247149521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    105703238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    130066805                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             19273866                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11779894                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17934                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18755934                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       117188563                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2678368                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2916165                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          393826374                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         302841549                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3190026                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              31441654                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         105703238                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           130066805                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    105703238                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.670166                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.670166                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.374509                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.374509                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      630751094                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     194982929                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     138867406                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        35916                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              282245150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19411967                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17325805                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1545252                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12963011                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12666440                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1166706                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46851                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205049202                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            110200892                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19411967                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     13833146                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24570670                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5060679                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      8190596                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12404853                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1516634                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    241317191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      216746521     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3744481      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1888301      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3700402      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1191776      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3432215      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         541432      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         878526      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        9193537      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    241317191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068777                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.390444                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      203120867                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     10166037                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24522172                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19579                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3488535                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1841143                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18189                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    123301859                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        34315                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3488535                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      203340727                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       6546041                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      2923335                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24303796                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       714751                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    123122125                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        95390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       546289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    161383300                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    558006201                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    558006201                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    130997661                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       30385619                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        16583                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8401                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1649829                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     22175115                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3612551                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23722                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       819779                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        122482571                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16642                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       114734574                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74605                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22006595                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45030186                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          140                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241317191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191004378     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15836385      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16871371      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9744455      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5036586      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1260822      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1499580      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34764      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28850      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241317191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192484     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79166     23.52%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64987     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89992451     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       901393      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8184      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20250899     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3581647      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    114734574                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.406507                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336637                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    471197581                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144506101                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111835659                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    115071211                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90088                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4498489                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          300                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82794                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3488535                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       5734021                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85723                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122499303                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6538                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22175115                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3612551                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8399                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41200                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2296                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          300                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045513                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592388                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1637901                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113282053                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19959642                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1452521                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  90                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           23541111                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17223432                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3581469                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.401360                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            111861235                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           111835659                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        67664044                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       147473861                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.396236                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.458821                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89103996                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    100338611                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22165670                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16502                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1535532                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237828656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200461335     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14691018      6.18%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9428200      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2968087      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4922190      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       962438      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       609433      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558256      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3227699      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237828656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     89103996                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    100338611                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             21206378                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            17676621                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8234                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15393219                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        87693258                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1256473                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3227699                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          357104913                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         248499854                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4573588                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              40927959                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          89103996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           100338611                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     89103996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.167593                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.167593                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.315697                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.315697                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      526517346                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     145745845                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     130919670                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        16486                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              282245146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19378163                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17296610                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1544035                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12940153                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12641831                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1165103                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46928                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204702294                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            110017628                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19378163                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     13806934                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24531392                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5055581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      8262284                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12384858                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1515609                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    240998826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      216467434     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3737359      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1887413      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3695581      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1190216      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3425099      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         540368      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         874953      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        9180403      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    240998826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068657                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.389795                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      202775273                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     10236249                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24482732                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        19872                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3484699                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1837067                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        18159                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    123100906                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        34291                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3484699                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      202994609                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       6580144                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2959672                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24265232                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       714464                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    122921909                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        96570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       544737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    161131056                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    557119992                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    557119992                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    130771800                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       30359256                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        16543                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8373                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1648178                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     22138880                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      3606691                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23918                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       820116                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        122284304                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16600                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       114545966                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74273                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21984191                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44975291                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    240998826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190773711     79.16%     79.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15807245      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16840086      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9726155      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5030846      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1260194      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1497108      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34766      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28715      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    240998826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192270     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79057     23.52%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64824     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89847714     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       899997      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8172      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20213804     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3576279      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    114545966                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.405839                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336151                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002935                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    470501182                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144285379                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111646840                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    114882117                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90629                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4495836                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          294                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82239                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3484699                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       5772386                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85406                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122300989                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9624                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22138880                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3606691                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8369                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40950                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2261                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          294                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1043599                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592833                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1636432                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113091482                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19923115                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1454484                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           23499231                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17193081                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          3576116                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.400685                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            111672033                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           111646840                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        67553580                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       147259786                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.395567                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.458737                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88945832                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    100163408                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22142537                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16478                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1534340                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237514127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200211753     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14666219      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9410061      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2963391      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4913766      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       961142      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       609434      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557372      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3220989      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237514127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     88945832                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    100163408                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             21167496                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            17643044                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8222                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15365869                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        87541256                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1254579                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3220989                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          356598758                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         248099328                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4565577                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              41246320                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          88945832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           100163408                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     88945832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.173225                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.173225                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.315137                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.315137                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      525630608                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     145502381                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     130698372                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16462                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              282245150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       21837012                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17868234                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2130477                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8973584                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8589948                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2257166                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97182                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210192690                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            122159427                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          21837012                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10847114                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25495600                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5826781                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     11416960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12859149                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2132326                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    250773818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      225278218     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1191714      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1890070      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2554107      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2629350      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        2222779      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1244348      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1847492      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11915740      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    250773818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077369                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432813                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      208024723                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     13603472                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25448301                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        29130                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3668190                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3593971                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    149873644                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1983                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3668190                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      208598664                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1917807                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     10360278                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24909951                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1318926                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    149816910                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       195909                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       565883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    209061457                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    696991596                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    696991596                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    181218718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       27842739                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        37155                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19337                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         3914399                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     14010982                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7599751                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89155                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1741511                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        149628218                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37283                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       142076430                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19631                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16566301                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39693488                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1355                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250773818                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190707629     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24663219      9.83%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12494176      4.98%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9467973      3.78%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7435549      2.97%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2999306      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1890652      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       984210      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131104      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250773818                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27053     11.49%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86443     36.71%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121981     51.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119488103     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2123760      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17813      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12870832      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7575922      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    142076430                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.503380                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235477                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    535181786                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    166232387                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139947539                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    142311907                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       289158                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2238205                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           89                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          587                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       110267                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3668190                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1596233                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129426                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149665647                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59635                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14010982                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7599751                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19342                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109368                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          587                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1238946                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1198070                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2437016                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140118568                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12111699                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1957862                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           19687336                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19909454                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7575637                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.496443                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            139947776                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           139947539                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        80333208                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       216466237                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.495837                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371112                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105639188                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    129988007                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19677666                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35928                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2157439                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    247105628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193817665     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26392157     10.68%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9990235      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4763483      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3985465      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2302184      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2027311      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       908739      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2918389      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    247105628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    105639188                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    129988007                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             19262261                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11772777                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17924                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18744558                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       117117609                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2676759                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2918389                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          393852184                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         302999597                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3184347                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              31471332                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         105639188                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           129988007                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    105639188                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.671785                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.671785                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.374282                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.374282                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      630651439                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     194942836                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     138955021                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        35896                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              282245150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19869741                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16250489                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1939114                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8193258                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7835880                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2043348                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86185                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192794071                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            112783260                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19869741                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9879228                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23630064                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5646982                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      8700357                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11856501                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1952046                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    228789506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      205159442     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1282759      0.56%     90.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2025035      0.89%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3222324      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1333231      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1484097      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1596030      0.70%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1037971      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11648617      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    228789506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070399                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.399593                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      190954240                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     10554311                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23557129                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        59270                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3664555                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3256965                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          461                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    137700987                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3664555                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      191249963                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2135279                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      7547433                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23326069                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       866194                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    137611115                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        34829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       235690                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       320615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        61291                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    191045797                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    640159230                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    640159230                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    163017114                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       28028659                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        35344                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19578                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2552816                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13103113                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7052158                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212121                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1598004                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        137415868                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35449                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       130046629                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163955                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17395220                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38846539                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3657                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228789506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173928334     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22038812      9.63%     85.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12039821      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8204573      3.59%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7666713      3.35%     97.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2204342      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1722609      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584176      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400126      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228789506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30353     12.65%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92299     38.48%     51.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117200     48.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108937945     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2058516      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15763      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12018869      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7015536      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    130046629                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.460758                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            239852                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    489286571                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154847976                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127964296                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    130286481                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       395703                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2343691                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          365                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1466                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       212219                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8092                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3664555                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1342040                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117427                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137451451                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57604                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13103113                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7052158                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19568                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86608                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1466                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1134197                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1107282                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2241479                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128202054                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11306101                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1844575                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 134                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18319885                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18043002                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7013784                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.454222                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            127965197                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           127964296                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        74815121                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       195437019                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.453380                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382809                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95755900                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    117372580                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20079323                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31792                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1980514                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225124951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177484557     78.84%     78.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23070150     10.25%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8981541      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4841358      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3620041      1.61%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2022807      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1249934      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1115033      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2739530      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225124951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     95755900                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    117372580                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             17599357                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10759418                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16848232                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       105761654                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2384448                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2739530                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          359836687                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         278568598                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3123580                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              53455644                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          95755900                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           117372580                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     95755900                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.947548                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.947548                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.339265                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.339265                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      578125374                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     177370950                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     128458996                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        31762                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              282245150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19345297                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17267097                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1542452                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12918927                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12622370                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1162996                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46793                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204389105                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            109835028                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19345297                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     13785366                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24486745                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5051824                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      8347174                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12366680                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1513931                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    240723717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511303                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      216236972     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3733677      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1879906      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3686888      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1186774      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3419882      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         539309      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         876304      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        9164005      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    240723717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068541                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.389148                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      202468252                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     10314867                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24438562                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        19449                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3482586                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1834145                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        18107                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    122888470                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        34241                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3482586                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      202686873                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       6690444                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2930764                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24221610                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       711434                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    122709482                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          237                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        94823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       544047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    160837723                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    556128179                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    556128179                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    130503226                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       30334477                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        16503                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8355                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1642318                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     22109133                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      3597094                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23624                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       815186                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        122070117                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16560                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       114336362                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74653                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21968998                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44951832                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    240723717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190589523     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15778906      6.55%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16809469      6.98%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9707787      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5023448      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1258218      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1492970      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34713      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28683      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    240723717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191817     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78934     23.53%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64668     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89678558     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897841      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8150      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20185565     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3566248      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    114336362                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.405096                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335419                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    469806511                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144055976                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111439628                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    114671781                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88244                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4493221                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          304                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81877                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3482586                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       5885059                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85744                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122086766                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6490                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22109133                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3597094                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8351                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41413                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2296                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          304                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1042220                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592543                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1634763                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112883942                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19894543                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1452418                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           23460633                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17160804                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          3566090                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.399950                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            111465016                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           111439628                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        67428460                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       146950376                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.394833                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.458852                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88776014                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     99963972                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22127736                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16434                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1532786                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237241131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200013833     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14635942      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9391567      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2955827      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4905727      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959799      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607685      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556606      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3214145      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237241131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     88776014                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     99963972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             21131124                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            17615907                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15336103                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        87364427                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1251308                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3214145                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          356118369                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         247668715                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4560798                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              41521433                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          88776014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            99963972                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     88776014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.179295                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.179295                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.314535                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.314535                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      524669831                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     145228362                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     130480987                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16418                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              282245150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       24508486                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20403700                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2225646                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9349182                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8967827                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2638901                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103603                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213203498                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            134428942                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          24508486                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     11606728                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            28023686                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       6196947                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     19144273                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13238945                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2127868                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    264328906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      236305220     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1719331      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2167007      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3447737      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1444747      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1860825      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        2165179      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         992756      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       14226104      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    264328906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086834                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.476284                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      211954811                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     20519784                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        27890723                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        13076                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3950510                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3732719                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          635                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    164341299                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         3146                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3950510                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      212168954                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        684036                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     19236755                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        27689936                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       598708                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    163333134                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        86275                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       417720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    228113275                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    759559233                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    759559233                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    190937985                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       37175289                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        39522                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20588                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2103355                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     15302838                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      8000054                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        90501                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1813204                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        159488516                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39663                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       153026546                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       153951                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19310850                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39308629                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1473                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264328906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199492858     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29565132     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12093840      4.58%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6775747      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9182504      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2826666      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2779690      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1494745      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117724      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264328906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1053913     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       144342     10.82%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136374     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128918437     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2092064      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18934      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14021240      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7975871      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    153026546                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.542176                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1334629                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571870578                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178839743                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149046713                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    154361175                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       114101                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2893077                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          717                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114506                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3950510                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        520142                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        65974                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159528188                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       125097                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15302838                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8000054                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20588                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57637                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          717                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1316048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1253216                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2569264                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150364083                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13792342                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2662463                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           21767654                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       21266714                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7975312                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.532743                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            149047080                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           149046713                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        89300884                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       239902962                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528075                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372238                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111083176                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    136880015                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22648885                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2244654                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260378395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202448809     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29358504     11.28%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10656558      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5309137      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4860962      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2038577      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2020223      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       962087      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2723538      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260378395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    111083176                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    136880015                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             20295309                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            12409761                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             19052                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         19840740                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       123236202                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2826488                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2723538                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          417182990                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         323008354                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3232339                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              17916244                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         111083176                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           136880015                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    111083176                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.540845                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.540845                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.393570                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.393570                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      676562465                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     208263159                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     151977989                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        38158                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              282245150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19031435                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17173395                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       997796                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7319698                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6814436                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1048497                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44159                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201931846                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            119567156                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19031435                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      7862933                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23659554                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3146382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     28331676                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11584631                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1001897                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    256046720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547900                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      232387166     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         844653      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1730715      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         738601      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        3929919      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3501729      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         680178      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1413420      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10820339      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    256046720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067429                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.423629                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      199833878                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     30442257                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23572454                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        74990                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2123136                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1669994                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          509                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    140221091                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2863                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2123136                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      200100139                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles      28290756                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1237989                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23412376                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       882317                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    140142438                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       454030                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       290805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8173                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    164509896                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    659984861                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    659984861                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    145877860                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       18632030                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16264                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8215                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2040956                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     33069692                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     16726037                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152365                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       810094                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        139871054                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16312                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       134438078                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83104                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10852176                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26054451                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           91                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256046720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207750199     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14759798      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11935541      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5149117      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6435628      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6100620      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3467429      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277443      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       170945      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256046720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338197     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2583985     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75472      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84332864     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1173115      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8048      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32245472     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16678579     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    134438078                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.476317                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2997654                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022298                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528003634                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150742998                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133283934                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    137435732                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241275                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1295956                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          517                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3466                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       112465                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11856                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2123136                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles      27599478                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       263147                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139887455                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1313                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33069692                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16726037                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8214                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       163429                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          131                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3466                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       582737                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       587436                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1170173                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133502310                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32134853                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       935768                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           48811660                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17491972                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         16676807                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.473001                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            133287494                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           133283934                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        71996794                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       142117960                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472228                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506599                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108275419                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    127241826                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12661322                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16221                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1019714                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253923584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207596386     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17052563      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7943460      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7808134      3.07%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2160351      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8936062      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       680171      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       496455      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1250002      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253923584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    108275419                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    127241826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             48387300                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            31773733                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8098                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         16803109                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       113148663                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1232594                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1250002                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          392576405                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         281929619                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4335889                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              26198430                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         108275419                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           127241826                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    108275419                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.606733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.606733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.383622                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.383622                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      659964607                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     154773060                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     166934306                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              282245150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19016430                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17160175                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       995253                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7218596                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6802382                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1050312                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44085                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201773860                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            119495242                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19016430                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      7852694                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23636356                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       3136294                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     28549377                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11574063                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       999306                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    256075792                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.846995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      232439436     90.77%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         842960      0.33%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1723165      0.67%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         736057      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        3927562      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3503975      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         679575      0.27%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1415752      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10807310      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    256075792                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.067376                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.423374                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      199649395                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     30686407                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23549390                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        74895                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      2115700                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1668510                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          499                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    140106848                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2809                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      2115700                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      199917711                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles      28542027                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1224095                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23387823                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       888429                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    140032173                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          469                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       455826                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       291885                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9526                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    164400588                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    659492226                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    659492226                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    145803489                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       18597099                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        16245                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2054831                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     33036433                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores     16709052                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152395                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       810931                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        139763507                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16294                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       134327519                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        76530                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10818884                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26013939                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256075792                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.314940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207818376     81.16%     81.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14744414      5.76%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11928556      4.66%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5147543      2.01%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6430836      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6093998      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3465298      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275926      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       170845      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256075792                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338224     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2580022     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75427      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84265355     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1172801      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8044      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32211862     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16669457     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    134327519                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.475925                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2993673                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022286                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527801033                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150602161                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133183654                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    137321192                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240483                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1279072                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          521                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3485                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104042                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11839                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      2115700                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles      27853029                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       266548                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139779892                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1388                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33036433                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16709052                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       164734                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          122                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3485                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       580415                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       586338                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1166753                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133394555                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32107789                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       932964                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           48775583                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17481057                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores         16667794                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.472619                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            133187180                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           133183654                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        71944816                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       142045056                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.471872                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.506493                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108220020                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    127176774                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12618777                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16213                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1017082                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253960092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207656892     81.77%     81.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17045061      6.71%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7938430      3.13%     91.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7805300      3.07%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2158942      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8928908      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       678718      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       496391      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1251450      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253960092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    108220020                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    127176774                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             48362371                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            31757361                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              8094                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16794555                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       113090789                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1231969                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1251450                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          392503868                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         281706983                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4330441                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              26169358                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         108220020                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           127176774                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    108220020                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.608068                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.608068                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.383426                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.383426                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      659459297                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     154662311                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     166834356                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        16188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              282245150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       21831115                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17862655                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2137660                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9151077                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8604371                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2257886                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97452                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210434165                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            122036035                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          21831115                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10862257                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            25487064                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5817083                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     11275875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12874347                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2138783                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    250848778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      225361714     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1193074      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1890000      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2557194      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2633566      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2224205      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1241889      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1850666      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11896470      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    250848778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077348                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.432376                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      208266080                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     13462549                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        25439849                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        29002                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3651296                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3593202                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    149760732                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1983                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3651296                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      208840083                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1907414                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     10230192                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24901675                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1318116                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    149702465                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       195393                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       565765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    208902313                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    696412523                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    696412523                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    181319820                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       27582489                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        37537                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19711                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3912090                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     14022925                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7595831                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89070                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1732712                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        149518141                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37671                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       142091610                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19703                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16375540                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39062393                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1724                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250848778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190756793     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24682322      9.84%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12517091      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9459541      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7427523      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2995648      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1892403      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       985923      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131534      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250848778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26473     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86477     36.55%     47.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123668     52.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119507693     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2117099      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17822      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12877850      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7571146      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    142091610                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.503433                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            236618                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001665                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    535288319                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165931928                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139951665                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    142328228                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       286676                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2243614                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           97                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          578                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102233                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3651296                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1587103                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129622                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149555961                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56677                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14022925                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7595831                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19715                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109382                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          578                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1245306                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1198066                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2443372                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140122305                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12116927                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1969305                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 149                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           19687781                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19918255                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7570854                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.496456                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            139951881                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           139951665                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        80339074                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       216468835                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.495851                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371135                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105698059                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    130060391                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19495591                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35947                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2164639                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    247197482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193883209     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26402258     10.68%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9996768      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4762927      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3990803      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2303709      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2029417      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909571      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2918820      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    247197482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    105698059                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    130060391                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             19272907                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11779309                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             17934                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18754992                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       117182798                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2678235                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2918820                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          393833916                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         302763325                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3190745                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              31396372                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         105698059                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           130060391                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    105698059                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.670296                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.670296                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.374490                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.374490                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      630674456                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     194956392                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     138830923                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        35914                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              282245150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20712005                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16982351                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024780                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8610607                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8110865                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2126909                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91170                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197777340                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            117617732                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20712005                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10237774                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            25885954                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5732052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     18392884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12182556                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2013350                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    245727596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      219841642     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        2806349      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        3237274      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        1785260      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2071764      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1142904      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         769847      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        2002872      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12069684      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    245727596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073383                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.416722                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      196180103                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     20020408                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25680218                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles       194427                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3652434                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3364611                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18984                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    143603315                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        93992                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3652434                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      196484154                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       6788577                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     12369827                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        25578750                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       853848                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    143515742                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       224780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       393932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           77                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    199404361                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    668152301                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    668152301                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    170531334                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       28872987                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        37494                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20861                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2287036                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13713880                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7474176                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196819                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1662290                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143279530                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37540                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       135538417                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       191981                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17739559                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40700547                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4047                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245727596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188599900     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22981243      9.35%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12359762      5.03%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8538981      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7459670      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3830996      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       916334      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       596637      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       444073      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245727596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35280     12.19%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       123083     42.53%     54.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131069     45.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113451879     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2113462      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16607      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12535857      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7420612      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    135538417                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.480215                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            289432                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002135                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517285839                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161057887                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133290459                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    135827849                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       343028                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2414374                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          872                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1260                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       163299                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8301                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4547                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3652434                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       6303752                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       150741                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143317189                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74728                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13713880                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7474176                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20813                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105970                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1260                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174239                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1135630                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2309869                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133545571                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11777234                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1992842                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19196141                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18691254                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7418907                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.473155                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            133292481                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           133290459                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        79221020                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       207467205                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.472251                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381848                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100140577                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    122860485                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20458277                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33493                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2036329                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242075162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507530                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191883571     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23273391      9.61%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9753214      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5868902      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4055517      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2621830      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1356751      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093652      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2168334      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242075162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100140577                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    122860485                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18610380                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11299506                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16710                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17583561                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110763534                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2499593                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2168334                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          383224914                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         290290058                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3026392                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              36517554                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100140577                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           122860485                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100140577                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.818489                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.818489                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.354800                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.354800                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      602414256                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     184977673                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     134023735                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33462                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              282245150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19078596                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17219567                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       999746                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7115436                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6827175                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047892                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43986                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202300747                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            119859708                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19078596                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      7875067                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            23716841                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       3163207                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     28256159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11606566                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1004032                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    256412320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      232695479     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         842957      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1739022      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         742259      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        3936399      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3503160      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         676647      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1418085      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10858312      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    256412320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067596                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.424665                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      200210254                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     30359246                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23629292                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        75458                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      2138065                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1670844                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          509                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    140596300                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2844                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      2138065                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      200479153                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles      28235162                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1213213                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23467836                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       878884                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    140515272                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          519                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       449289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       291076                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6234                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    164940624                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    661717250                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    661717250                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    146169009                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       18771609                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        16275                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8209                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2049065                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     33149922                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores     16765195                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152409                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       810223                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        140235203                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16323                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       134740534                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        88239                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10972686                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26416865                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           70                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256412320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525484                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208023783     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14780155      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11942218      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5170094      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6458747      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6113583      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3474664      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277834      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       171242      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256412320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338616     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2590232     86.21%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75614      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84524474     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1176383      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8064      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32319611     23.99%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16712002     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    134740534                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.477388                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3004462                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022298                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528986089                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    151227683                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133572394                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    137744996                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241512                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1312734                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          515                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3476                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       118469                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11870                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      2138065                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles      27550807                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       261926                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140251617                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1408                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33149922                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16765195                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       162845                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          100                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3476                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       583757                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       591217                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1174974                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133798349                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32203291                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       942185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           48913634                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17526171                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores         16710343                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.474050                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            133575878                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           133572394                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        72153249                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       142438661                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.473250                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506557                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108491534                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    127495735                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12771632                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16253                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1021601                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    254274255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207856707     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17089124      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7955826      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7821561      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2164625      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8952322      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       682294      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       497966      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1253830      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    254274255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    108491534                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    127495735                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             48483906                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            31837185                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              8114                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         16836635                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       113374437                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1235046                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1253830                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          393287467                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         282672979                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4343015                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              25832830                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         108491534                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           127495735                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    108491534                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.601541                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.601541                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.384388                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.384388                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      661379323                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     155110218                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     167318714                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        16228                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        19597                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.540048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         231834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        21645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        10.710742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.718375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.537312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1655.272308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         358.012053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.808238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.174811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 36442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19929                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               19929                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  36599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36598                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 36599                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               19582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                19584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19548                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               19584                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16771228669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16851969824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16773666620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16854407775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16773666620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16854407775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        55987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             56024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19929                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           19929                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              56183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             56183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012579                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.012579                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 858038.916863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860584.711674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 858075.845099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 860621.312040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 858075.845099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 860621.312040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks              10585                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                   10585                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           19584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          19584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15054730076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15132310033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2262062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15056992138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15134572095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15056992138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15134572095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154998.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 770220.509363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772766.317690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1131031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1131031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154998.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 770257.424698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772802.905178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154998.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 770257.424698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772802.905178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        36458                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.938138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         205306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        38506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.331792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.558883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.066664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1821.151611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         221.160980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.889234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.107989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 42787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13557                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               13557                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  42816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42815                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 42816                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               36412                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                36458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36411                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               36458                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     73726005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34806780142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34880506147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     63226540                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     63226540                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     73726005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34870006682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    34943732687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     73726005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34870006682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   34943732687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        79151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             79199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13557                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           13557                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        79226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              79274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        79226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             79274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.979167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.613333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.613333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.979167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.459899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.979167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.459899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1568638.404255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 957150.560759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 957939.859030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1374490                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1374490                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1568638.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 957677.808410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 958465.431099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1568638.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 957677.808410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 958465.431099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               5729                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    5729                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           36458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          36458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69598861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31613033609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31682632470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     59186746                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186746                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69598861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31672220355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31741819216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69598861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31672220355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31741819216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.979167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.613333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.613333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.979167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.979167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1480826.829787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 869325.824529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870115.139789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1286668.391304                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1286668.391304                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1480826.829787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 869853.076131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870640.715783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1480826.829787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 869853.076131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870640.715783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        12741                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.459540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         195654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        14789                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        13.229698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.970937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     4.941526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1529.504807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         486.042270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.746829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.237325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        30363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 30365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9769                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                9769                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 160                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        30523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  30525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        30523                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 30525                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               12737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                12737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12695                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               12737                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96084282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10396410550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10492494832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96084282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10396410550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    10492494832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96084282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10396410550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   10492494832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        43058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             43102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9769                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            9769                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        43218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              43262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        43218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             43262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.293743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.293743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2287721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 818937.420244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823780.704404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2287721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 818937.420244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823780.704404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2287721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 818937.420244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823780.704404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               5589                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    5589                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           12736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          12736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     92396682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9280405596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9372802278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     92396682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9280405596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9372802278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     92396682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9280405596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9372802278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.293720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.293720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2199921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 731085.993068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735929.827104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2199921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 731085.993068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735929.827104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2199921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 731085.993068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735929.827104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        30911                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.604015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         166304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        32959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         5.045784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.062046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.780292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1657.259933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         374.501744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.809209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.182862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 38869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8078                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                8078                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  38970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38969                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 38970                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        30833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               30873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        30861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                30901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        30861                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               30901                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66304462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28581875108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28648179570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     26217528                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26217528                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66304462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28608092636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    28674397098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66304462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28608092636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   28674397098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        69701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             69742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8078                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            8078                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        69830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              69871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        69830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             69871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.442361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.441945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.441945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1657611.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 926989.754743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 927936.370615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 936340.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 936340.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1657611.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 926998.238424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 927943.985567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1657611.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 926998.238424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 927943.985567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               4614                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    4614                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        30833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        30861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           30901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        30861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          30901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     62790925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25874152179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25936943104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23759128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23759128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     62790925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25897911307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25960702232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     62790925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25897911307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25960702232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.442361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.441945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.441945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1569773.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 839170.764408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840117.355100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 848540.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848540.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1569773.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 839179.265319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840124.987282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1569773.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 839179.265319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840124.987282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        12746                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.442231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         195672                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        14794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        13.226443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.947601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     5.158940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1529.264774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         486.070915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.746711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.237339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 30380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9772                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                9772                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  30545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30543                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 30545                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               12742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                12742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12699                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               12742                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73024826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10321059410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10394084236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73024826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10321059410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    10394084236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73024826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10321059410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   10394084236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             43122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9772                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            9772                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              43287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             43287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1698251.767442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812745.839042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815734.126197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1698251.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812745.839042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815734.126197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1698251.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812745.839042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815734.126197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5590                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5590                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           12741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          12741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69248370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9203781679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9273030049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69248370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9203781679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9273030049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69248370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9203781679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9273030049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1610427.209302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724821.363916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727810.222824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1610427.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724821.363916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727810.222824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1610427.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724821.363916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727810.222824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        19172                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.839834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         160718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        21220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         7.573893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.624106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.385694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1672.924038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         343.905996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.816857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.167923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 36253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6529                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                6529                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  36325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36324                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 36325                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               19171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                19171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19137                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               19171                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52839154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15059204423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15112043577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52839154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15059204423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    15112043577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52839154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15059204423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   15112043577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             55424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6529                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            6529                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              55496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             55496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554092.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 786915.630611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 788276.228522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554092.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 786915.630611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 788276.228522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554092.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 786915.630611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 788276.228522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               2552                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    2552                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           19171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          19171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49853954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13378696004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13428549958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49853954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13378696004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13428549958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49853954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13378696004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13428549958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1466292.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 699101.008727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700461.632570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1466292.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 699101.008727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700461.632570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1466292.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 699101.008727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700461.632570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        19107                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.843691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         160718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        21155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         7.597164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.628810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.391711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1672.726166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         344.097004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.816761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.168016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 36273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6509                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                6509                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  36345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36344                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 36345                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               19106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                19106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19072                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               19106                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65649914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15235429623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15301079537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65649914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15235429623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    15301079537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65649914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15235429623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   15301079537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             55379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6509                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            6509                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              55451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             55451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1930879.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 798837.543152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 800852.064116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1930879.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 798837.543152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 800852.064116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1930879.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 798837.543152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 800852.064116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               2540                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    2540                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           19106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          19106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62663461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13560258763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13622922224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62663461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13560258763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13622922224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62663461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13560258763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13622922224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1843042.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 711003.500577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713018.016539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1843042.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 711003.500577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713018.016539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1843042.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 711003.500577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713018.016539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        12746                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.436397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         195653                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        14794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        13.225159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.944623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     5.402828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1529.085333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         486.003614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.746624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.237306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        30362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 30364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9769                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                9769                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 166                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        30528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  30530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        30528                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 30530                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               12742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                12742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12698                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               12742                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93629749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10412111665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10505741414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93629749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10412111665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    10505741414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93629749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10412111665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   10505741414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        43060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             43106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9769                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            9769                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        43226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              43272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        43226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             43272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.294891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2127948.840909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 819980.442983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 824497.050228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2127948.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 819980.442983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 824497.050228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2127948.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 819980.442983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 824497.050228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5590                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5590                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           12741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          12741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89764614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9294265247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9384029861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89764614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9294265247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9384029861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89764614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9294265247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9384029861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.294868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2040104.863636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 732004.823738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736522.240091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2040104.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 732004.823738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736522.240091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2040104.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 732004.823738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736522.240091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        30936                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.602970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         166313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        32984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         5.042233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.183146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.594232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1658.686640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         373.138951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.809906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.182197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 38875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8081                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                8081                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  38976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38975                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 38976                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               30898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                30926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30889                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               30926                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49549730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28633259004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28682808734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     25572086                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25572086                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49549730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28658831090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    28708380820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49549730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28658831090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   28708380820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        69735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             69773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8081                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            8081                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        69864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              69902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        69864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             69902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1339181.891892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 927813.713230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928306.321898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 913288.785714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 913288.785714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1339181.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 927800.546797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 928292.725215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1339181.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 927800.546797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 928292.725215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               4611                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    4611                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           30926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          30926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46301130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25923210568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25969511698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23113686                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23113686                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46301130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25946324254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25992625384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46301130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25946324254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25992625384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1251381.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839999.046304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840491.672535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 825488.785714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 825488.785714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1251381.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839985.893166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840478.089116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1251381.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839985.893166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840478.089116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        19091                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.841362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         160675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        21139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         7.600880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.558888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.479881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1672.323157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         343.479436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.816564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.167715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 36138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6601                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                6601                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  36207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36206                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 36207                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               19090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                19090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19055                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               19090                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76650131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15418896011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15495546142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76650131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15418896011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    15495546142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76650131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15418896011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   15495546142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             55228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6601                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            6601                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              55297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             55297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.345249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2190003.742857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 809178.483915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 811710.117444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2190003.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 809178.483915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 811710.117444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2190003.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 809178.483915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 811710.117444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               2542                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    2542                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           19090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          19090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73566541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13744447580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13818014121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73566541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13744447580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13818014121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73566541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13744447580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13818014121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.345249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2101901.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 721303.992653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723835.208015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2101901.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 721303.992653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723835.208015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2101901.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 721303.992653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723835.208015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         9096                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.231966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         218056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        11144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        19.567121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.078200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     4.859654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1403.520264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         600.773849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.685313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.293347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        29814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 29816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9310                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                9310                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  30041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30039                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 30041                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                9096                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 9096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9062                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                9096                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99457446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7351249575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7450707021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99457446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7351249575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     7450707021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99457446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7351249575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    7450707021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        38876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             38912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9310                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            9310                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        39101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              39137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        39101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             39137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.233100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2925219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 811217.123703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819119.065633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2925219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 811217.123703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819119.065633                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2925219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 811217.123703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819119.065633                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               4787                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    4787                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            9096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           9096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     96472246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6555514441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6651986687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     96472246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6555514441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6651986687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     96472246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6555514441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6651986687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.233100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2837419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 723407.022843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731309.002529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2837419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 723407.022843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731309.002529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2837419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 723407.022843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731309.002529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        36489                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.937991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         205320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        38537                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         5.327867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.561469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     1.719439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1822.466297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         220.190786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.889876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.107515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        42788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 42789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13569                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               13569                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        42817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  42818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        42817                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 42818                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               36443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                36489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36450                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               36489                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57610618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34661273276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34718883894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     75090931                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     75090931                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57610618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34736364207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    34793974825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57610618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34736364207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   34793974825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        79192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             79232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13569                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           13569                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        79267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              79307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        79267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             79307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.613333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.613333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1477195.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 952128.152840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 952690.061027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1632411.543478                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1632411.543478                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1477195.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 952986.672346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953546.954562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1477195.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 952986.672346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953546.954562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5730                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5730                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           36489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          36489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     54186418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31464192942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31518379360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     71051670                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71051670                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     54186418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31535244612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31589431030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     54186418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31535244612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31589431030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.613333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.613333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1389395.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 864305.926327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864867.858299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1544601.521739                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1544601.521739                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1389395.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 865164.461235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865724.767190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1389395.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 865164.461235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865724.767190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        36499                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.937196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         205278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        38547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         5.325395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.609536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     1.692517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1822.511982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         220.123160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.889898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.107482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 42760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13557                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               13557                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  42789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42788                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 42789                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               36452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                36499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36460                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               36499                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70217512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34897216237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34967433749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     79845706                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     79845706                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70217512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34977061943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    35047279455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70217512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34977061943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   35047279455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        79172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             79212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13557                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           13557                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        79248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              79288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        79248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             79288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.618421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.618421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.460075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.460075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1800449.025641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 958372.455909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959273.393751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1698844.808511                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1698844.808511                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1800449.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 959326.986917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 960225.744678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1800449.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 959326.986917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 960225.744678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5732                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5732                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           36499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          36499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66793312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31699392458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31766185770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     75717466                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75717466                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66793312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31775109924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31841903236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66793312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31775109924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31841903236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.618421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.618421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.460075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.460075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1712649.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 870551.518908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871452.479151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1611009.914894                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1611009.914894                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1712649.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 871506.031925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872404.812077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1712649.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 871506.031925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872404.812077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        12744                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.461170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         195684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        14792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        13.229043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.972831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     5.127377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1529.759904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         485.601058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.746953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.237110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        30390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 30392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9772                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                9772                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 160                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        30550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  30552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        30550                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 30552                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               12740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                12740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12697                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               12740                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78249414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10304322883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10382572297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78249414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10304322883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    10382572297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78249414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10304322883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   10382572297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        43087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             43132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9772                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            9772                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        43247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              43292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        43247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             43292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1819753.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 811555.712609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814958.579042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1819753.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 811555.712609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814958.579042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1819753.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 811555.712609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814958.579042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               5588                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    5588                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           12739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          12739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74473548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9186386157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9260859705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74473548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9186386157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9260859705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74473548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9186386157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9260859705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1731942.976744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 723565.387287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726969.126698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1731942.976744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 723565.387287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726969.126698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1731942.976744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 723565.387287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726969.126698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        19778                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.532394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         231873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        21826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        10.623706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.918159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.407505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1655.855578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         357.351151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.808523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.174488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 36507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19905                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               19905                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  36664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36663                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 36664                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               19761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                19765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19729                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               19765                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71661740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16807185225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16878846965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3242041                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3242041                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71661740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16810427266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    16882089006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71661740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16810427266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   16882089006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        56231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             56268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19905                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           19905                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        56392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              56429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        56392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             56429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.351194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.024845                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.024845                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.350263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.350263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1990603.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 852075.296578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 854149.433986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 810510.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 810510.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1990603.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 852066.869380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 854140.602378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1990603.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 852066.869380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 854140.602378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks              10604                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                   10604                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           19765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          19765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68499624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15074825208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15143324832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2890841                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2890841                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68499624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15077716049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15146215673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68499624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15077716049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15146215673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.024845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1902767.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 764249.693688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766323.811143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 722710.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722710.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1902767.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 764241.271681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766314.984720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1902767.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 764241.271681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766314.984720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        36574                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.939920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         205476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        38622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.320180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.551476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     1.867715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1824.286768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         218.233960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.890765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.106560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        42855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 42856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13660                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               13660                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        42882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  42883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        42882                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 42883                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               36526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                36574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36532                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               36574                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75180665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34367639770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34442820435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     78852042                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     78852042                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75180665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34446491812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    34521672477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75180665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34446491812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   34521672477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        79339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             79382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13660                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           13660                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        79414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              79457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        79414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             79457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.640000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.640000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1790015.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 941992.099825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 942967.213355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1642750.875000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1642750.875000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1790015.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 942912.838388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 943885.614836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1790015.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 942912.838388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 943885.614836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               5742                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    5742                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           36574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          36574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71493065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  31164042506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31235535571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     74637642                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74637642                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71493065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  31238680148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31310173213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71493065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  31238680148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31310173213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.640000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1702215.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 854183.820469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855158.943520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1554950.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554950.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1702215.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 855104.569911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856077.355854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1702215.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 855104.569911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856077.355854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              518.289672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012185565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1950261.204239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    36.289672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.058157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12177473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12177473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12177473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12177473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12177473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12177473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12177524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12177524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12177524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12177524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12177524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12177524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                56146                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172662253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3061.278909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.819261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.180739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8584246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8584246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7259280                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7259280                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15843526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15843526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15843526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15843526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5598                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5598                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       197170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       197170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       197170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       197170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  81143713227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81143713227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3606106975                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3606106975                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84749820202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84749820202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84749820202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84749820202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8775818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8775818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16040696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16040696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16040696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16040696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000771                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000771                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 423567.709410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423567.709410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 644177.737585                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 644177.737585                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 429831.212669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429831.212669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 429831.212669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429831.212669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     48648893                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets            94                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 517541.414894                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           19929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       135585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       141024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       141024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       141024                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       141024                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        55987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19329935646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19329935646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     12622860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12622860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19342558506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19342558506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19342558506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19342558506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 345257.571329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345257.571329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 79389.056604                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79389.056604                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 344504.657607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344504.657607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 344504.657607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344504.657607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              583.455417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1041157186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1761687.285956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    42.565782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   540.889636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.068214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.866810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.935025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11574405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11574405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11574405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11574405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11574405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11574405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    107749887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107749887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    107749887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107749887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    107749887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107749887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11574476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11574476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11574476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11574476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11574476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11574476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1517604.042254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1517604.042254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1517604.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1517604.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1517604.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1517604.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74196805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74196805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74196805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74196805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74196805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74196805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1545766.770833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1545766.770833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1545766.770833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1545766.770833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1545766.770833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1545766.770833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                79226                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              448442457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                79482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              5642.063071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.910205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.089795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     30291670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30291670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16590340                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16590340                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8109                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8109                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8094                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8094                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     46882010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       46882010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     46882010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      46882010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       290467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       290771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       290771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       290771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       290771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 144074137745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 144074137745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    254292918                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    254292918                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 144328430663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 144328430663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 144328430663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 144328430663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     30582137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30582137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16590644                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16590644                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8109                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8109                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8094                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8094                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     47172781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47172781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     47172781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47172781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 496008.626608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 496008.626608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 836489.861842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 836489.861842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 496364.598474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 496364.598474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 496364.598474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 496364.598474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1262510                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1262510                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           13557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       211316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       211545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       211545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        79151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        79226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        79226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  38030662257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38030662257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     65567599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65567599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  38096229856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38096229856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  38096229856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38096229856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 480482.397658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480482.397658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 874234.653333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874234.653333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 480855.146745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480855.146745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 480855.146745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480855.146745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              518.182929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1011560835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1949057.485549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    43.182929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.069203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12865000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12865000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12865000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12865000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12865000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12865000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    111184346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111184346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    111184346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111184346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    111184346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111184346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12865059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12865059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12865059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12865059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12865059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12865059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1884480.440678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1884480.440678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1884480.440678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1884480.440678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1884480.440678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1884480.440678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       820944                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       410472                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96579072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96579072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96579072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96579072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96579072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96579072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2194978.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2194978.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2194978.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2194978.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2194978.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2194978.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                43218                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              167239948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                43474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3846.895800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.435295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.564705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.911857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.088143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8853772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8853772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7453649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7453649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18952                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18952                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17949                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17949                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16307421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       16307421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16307421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      16307421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       138624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       139565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       139565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       139565                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       139565                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  46787384530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46787384530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     79285008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79285008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  46866669538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46866669538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  46866669538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46866669538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8992396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8992396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7454590                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7454590                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        18952                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18952                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17949                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17949                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16446986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16446986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16446986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16446986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 337512.873168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337512.873168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84256.119022                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84256.119022                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 335805.320374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335805.320374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 335805.320374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335805.320374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9769                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            9769                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        95566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        96347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        96347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        96347                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        96347                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        43058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        43218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        43218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12481364565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12481364565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     10330773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10330773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12491695338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12491695338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12491695338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12491695338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 289873.300316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289873.300316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64567.331250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64567.331250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 289039.181313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289039.181313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 289039.181313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289039.181313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              529.541417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1016313277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1913960.973635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    39.541417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.063368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11855232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11855232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11855232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11855232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11855232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11855232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    125174866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125174866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    125174866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125174866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    125174866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125174866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11855296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11855296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11855296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11855296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11855296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11855296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1955857.281250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1955857.281250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1955857.281250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1955857.281250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1955857.281250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1955857.281250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66749326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66749326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66749326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66749326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66749326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66749326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1628032.341463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1628032.341463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1628032.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1628032.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1628032.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1628032.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                69830                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              180717314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                70086                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              2578.508033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   234.116172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    21.883828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.914516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.085484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8216524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8216524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6805201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6805201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19645                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19645                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15021725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15021725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15021725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15021725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       182175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          938                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          938                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       183113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       183113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       183113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       183113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  79780721999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79780721999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    349404807                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    349404807                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  80130126806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80130126806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  80130126806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80130126806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8398699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8398699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6806139                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6806139                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19645                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19645                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        15879                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15879                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15204838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15204838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15204838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15204838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 437934.524490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437934.524490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 372499.794243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 372499.794243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 437599.333778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437599.333778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 437599.333778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437599.333778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156037                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156037                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8078                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8078                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       112474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       113283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       113283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       113283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       113283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        69701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        69830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        69830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  31390505396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31390505396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     32963316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32963316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  31423468712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31423468712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  31423468712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31423468712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 450359.469678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450359.469678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 255529.581395                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 255529.581395                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 449999.551940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449999.551940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 449999.551940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449999.551940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              518.670195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1011569153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1945325.294231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    43.670195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.069984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12873318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12873318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12873318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12873318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12873318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12873318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     99013590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99013590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     99013590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99013590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     99013590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99013590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12873379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12873379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12873379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12873379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12873379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12873379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1623173.606557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1623173.606557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1623173.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1623173.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1623173.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1623173.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73517086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73517086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73517086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73517086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73517086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73517086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1633713.022222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633713.022222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1633713.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633713.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1633713.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633713.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                43242                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              167252416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                43498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3845.059911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.434743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.565257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8860806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8860806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7458498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7458498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19528                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19528                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17958                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17958                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16319304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       16319304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16319304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      16319304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       138623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          981                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          981                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       139604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       139604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       139604                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       139604                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  46615928968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46615928968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     82796676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82796676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  46698725644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46698725644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  46698725644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46698725644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8999429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8999429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7459479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7459479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19528                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19528                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17958                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17958                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16458908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16458908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16458908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16458908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336278.460054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336278.460054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84400.281346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84400.281346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 334508.507235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334508.507235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 334508.507235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334508.507235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            9772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        95546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        96362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        96362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        96362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        96362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12406892216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12406892216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10661644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10661644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12417553860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12417553860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12417553860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12417553860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 288016.626413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288016.626413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64616.024242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64616.024242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 287164.188983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287164.188983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 287164.188983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287164.188983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              558.509817                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              931101985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1656765.097865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.320587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.189230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.053398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12404802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12404802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12404802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12404802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12404802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12404802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61772065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61772065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61772065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61772065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61772065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61772065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12404853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12404853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12404853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12404853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12404853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12404853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1211216.960784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1211216.960784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1211216.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1211216.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1211216.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1211216.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53203136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53203136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53203136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53203136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53203136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53203136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1520089.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1520089.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1520089.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1520089.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1520089.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1520089.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                55461                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              224821868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                55717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4035.067717                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   203.203244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    52.796756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.793763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.206237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     18222976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18222976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3512774                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3512774                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8321                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8321                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8243                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8243                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21735750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       21735750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21735750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      21735750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       195589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       195908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       195908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       195908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       195908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  86710545721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86710545721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     27729619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27729619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  86738275340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  86738275340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  86738275340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  86738275340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     18418565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18418565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3513093                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3513093                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8321                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8321                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8243                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8243                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21931658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21931658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21931658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21931658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 443330.380139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443330.380139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86926.705329                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86926.705329                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442750.042571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442750.042571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442750.042571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442750.042571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6529                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            6529                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140447                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140447                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17594615989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17594615989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4719425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4719425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17599335414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17599335414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17599335414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17599335414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 317655.418747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317655.418747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 65547.569444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65547.569444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 317328.129929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317328.129929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 317328.129929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317328.129929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              558.624596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              931081989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1656729.517794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.434906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.189690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.053582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12384806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12384806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12384806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12384806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12384806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12384806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80555833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80555833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80555833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80555833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80555833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80555833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12384858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12384858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12384858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12384858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12384858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12384858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1549150.634615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1549150.634615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1549150.634615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1549150.634615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1549150.634615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1549150.634615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66025939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66025939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66025939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66025939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66025939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66025939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1886455.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1886455.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1886455.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1886455.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1886455.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1886455.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                55416                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              224782161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                55672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4037.616055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   202.353599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    53.646401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.790444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.209556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     18188587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18188587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3507493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3507493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8296                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8296                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21696080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       21696080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21696080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      21696080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       195472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       195791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       195791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       195791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       195791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  87639658078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  87639658078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     27677064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27677064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  87667335142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  87667335142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  87667335142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  87667335142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18384059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18384059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3507812                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3507812                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8296                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8296                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21891871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21891871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21891871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21891871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 448348.909706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448348.909706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86761.956113                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86761.956113                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 447759.780286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447759.780286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 447759.780286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447759.780286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6509                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            6509                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       140128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       140375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       140375                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140375                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17772328678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17772328678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4723129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4723129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17777051807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17777051807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17777051807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17777051807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 321124.759287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321124.759287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 65599.013889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65599.013889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 320792.763949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320792.763949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 320792.763949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320792.763949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              519.937819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1011554920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1941564.145873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    44.937819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.072016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12859085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12859085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12859085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12859085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12859085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12859085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    126689083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126689083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    126689083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    126689083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    126689083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    126689083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12859149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12859149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12859149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12859149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12859149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12859149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1979516.921875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1979516.921875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1979516.921875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1979516.921875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1979516.921875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1979516.921875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94141597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94141597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94141597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94141597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94141597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94141597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2046556.456522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2046556.456522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2046556.456522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2046556.456522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2046556.456522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2046556.456522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                43226                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              167242951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                43482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3846.257095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.434511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.565489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.911854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.088146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8856155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8856155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7454020                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7454020                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19202                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19202                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16310175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       16310175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16310175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      16310175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       138434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          989                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          989                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       139423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       139423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       139423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       139423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  46656220869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46656220869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     83382988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83382988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  46739603857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46739603857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  46739603857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46739603857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8994589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8994589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7455009                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7455009                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19202                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19202                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16449598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16449598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16449598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16449598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 337028.626414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337028.626414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84310.402427                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84310.402427                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 335235.964346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335235.964346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 335235.964346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335235.964346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9769                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            9769                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        95374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        96197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        96197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        96197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        96197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        43060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        43226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        43226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12496945647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12496945647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10698887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10698887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12507644534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12507644534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12507644534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12507644534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 290221.682466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290221.682466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64451.126506                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64451.126506                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 289354.660019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289354.660019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 289354.660019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289354.660019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              526.515956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1016314489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1924838.047348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    36.515956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.058519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.843776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11856444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11856444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11856444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11856444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11856444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11856444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67961654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67961654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67961654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67961654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67961654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67961654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11856501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11856501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11856501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11856501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11856501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11856501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1192309.719298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1192309.719298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1192309.719298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1192309.719298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1192309.719298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1192309.719298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49941364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49941364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49941364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49941364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49941364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49941364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1314246.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1314246.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1314246.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1314246.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1314246.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1314246.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                69864                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              180718371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                70120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2577.272832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.136865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.863135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8216109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8216109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6806914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6806914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19402                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19402                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15023023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15023023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15023023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15023023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       181793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          940                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          940                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       182733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       182733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       182733                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       182733                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  79434684086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79434684086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    336847443                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    336847443                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  79771531529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79771531529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  79771531529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79771531529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8397902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8397902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6807854                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6807854                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19402                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19402                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15205756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15205756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15205756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15205756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 436951.280225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436951.280225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 358348.343617                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 358348.343617                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 436546.937494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436546.937494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 436546.937494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436546.937494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       161903                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       161903                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       112058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       112869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       112869                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112869                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        69735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        69864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        69864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31442847209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31442847209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     32318134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32318134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31475165343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31475165343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31475165343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31475165343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 450890.474066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450890.474066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 250528.170543                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250528.170543                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 450520.516189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450520.516189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 450520.516189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450520.516189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              559.837116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              931063810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1653754.547069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    34.685925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.151191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.055586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12366627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12366627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12366627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12366627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12366627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12366627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93868612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93868612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93868612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93868612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93868612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93868612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12366680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12366680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12366680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12366680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12366680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12366680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1771105.886792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1771105.886792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1771105.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1771105.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1771105.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1771105.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77022660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77022660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77022660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77022660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77022660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77022660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2139518.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2139518.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2139518.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2139518.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2139518.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2139518.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                55261                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              224750719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                55517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4048.322478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   202.391519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    53.608481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.790592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.209408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     18166355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18166355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3498326                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3498326                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8275                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8275                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8209                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8209                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21664681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       21664681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21664681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      21664681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       194933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          295                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          295                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       195228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       195228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       195228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       195228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  88924273455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  88924273455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     25439923                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25439923                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  88949713378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88949713378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  88949713378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88949713378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18361288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18361288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3498621                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3498621                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8275                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8275                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8209                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8209                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21859909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21859909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21859909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21859909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456178.653460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 456178.653460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86237.027119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86237.027119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455619.651782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 455619.651782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455619.651782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 455619.651782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6601                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            6601                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       139741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       139741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       139967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       139967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17946742321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17946742321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4479977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4479977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17951222298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17951222298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17951222298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17951222298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 325169.269477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325169.269477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64927.202899                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64927.202899                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 324844.325980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324844.325980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 324844.325980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324844.325980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              489.717009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1015027853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2067266.503055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    34.717009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.055636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13238895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13238895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13238895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13238895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13238895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13238895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    143235019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143235019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    143235019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    143235019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    143235019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    143235019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13238942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13238942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13238942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13238942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13238942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13238942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3047553.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3047553.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3047553.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3047553.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3047553.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3047553.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3244216                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       811054                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99869116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99869116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99869116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     99869116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99869116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     99869116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2774142.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2774142.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2774142.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2774142.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2774142.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2774142.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                39101                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              165481606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                39357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4204.629570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.558837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.441163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.912339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.087661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     10560554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10560554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7844730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7844730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20285                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20285                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19079                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19079                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     18405284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       18405284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     18405284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      18405284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       100585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       102859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       102859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       102859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       102859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22453088710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22453088710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    146824115                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146824115                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22599912825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22599912825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22599912825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22599912825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     10661139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10661139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7847004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7847004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        20285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19079                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19079                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     18508143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18508143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     18508143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18508143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 223225.020729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223225.020729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64566.453386                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64566.453386                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 219717.407568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219717.407568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 219717.407568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219717.407568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           45                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    22.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            9310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        61709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        63758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        63758                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63758                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        39101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        39101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9365289263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9365289263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16416169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16416169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9381705432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9381705432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9381705432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9381705432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 240901.565567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240901.565567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 72960.751111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72960.751111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 239935.178947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239935.178947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 239935.178947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239935.178947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              579.407269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1041167356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1785878.826758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.330625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.076644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.061427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11584575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11584575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11584575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11584575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11584575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11584575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     81240426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81240426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     81240426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81240426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     81240426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81240426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11584631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11584631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11584631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11584631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11584631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11584631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1450721.892857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1450721.892857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1450721.892857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1450721.892857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1450721.892857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1450721.892857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57999360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57999360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57999360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57999360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57999360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57999360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1449984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1449984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1449984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1449984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1449984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1449984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                79267                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              448471216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                79523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5639.515813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.910561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.089439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     30313913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30313913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     16596843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16596843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8098                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8098                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     46910756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       46910756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     46910756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      46910756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       290326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       290620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       290620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       290620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       290620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 143466701447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 143466701447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    279490419                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    279490419                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 143746191866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 143746191866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 143746191866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 143746191866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     30604239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30604239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     16597137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16597137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8098                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8098                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     47201376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47201376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     47201376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47201376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 494157.262687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494157.262687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 950647.683673                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 950647.683673                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 494619.062232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 494619.062232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 494619.062232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 494619.062232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       574640                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       574640                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13569                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           13569                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       211134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       211353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       211353                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211353                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        79192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        79267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        79267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  37885812458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37885812458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     77423253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77423253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  37963235711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37963235711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  37963235711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37963235711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 478404.541595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478404.541595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1032310.040000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1032310.040000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 478928.629960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478928.629960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 478928.629960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478928.629960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              579.213484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1041156782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1785860.689537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.137138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.076345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.061117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.867110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11574001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11574001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11574001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11574001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11574001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11574001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     99006260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99006260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     99006260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99006260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     99006260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99006260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11574063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11574063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11574063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11574063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11574063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11574063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1596875.161290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1596875.161290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1596875.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1596875.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1596875.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1596875.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70606254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70606254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70606254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70606254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70606254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70606254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1765156.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1765156.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1765156.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1765156.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1765156.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1765156.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                79248                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              448436727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                79504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              5640.429752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.910811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.089189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.437152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.562848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     30287989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30287989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16588287                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16588287                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8094                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8094                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     46876276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       46876276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     46876276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      46876276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       290623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       290924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       290924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       290924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       290924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 144238572090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 144238572090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    309291678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    309291678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 144547863768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 144547863768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 144547863768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 144547863768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     30578612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30578612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16588588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16588588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8094                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8094                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     47167200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47167200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     47167200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47167200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 496308.179635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 496308.179635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1027547.102990                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1027547.102990                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 496857.817739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 496857.817739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 496857.817739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 496857.817739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       638465                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       638465                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           13557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       211451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       211676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       211676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        79172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        79248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        79248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  38119991708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38119991708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     82151023                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82151023                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  38202142731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38202142731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  38202142731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38202142731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 481483.247966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481483.247966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1080934.513158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1080934.513158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 482058.130565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 482058.130565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 482058.130565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 482058.130565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              519.101789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1011570119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1945327.151923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    44.101789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.070676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12874284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12874284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12874284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12874284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12874284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12874284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110912821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110912821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110912821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110912821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110912821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110912821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12874347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12874347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12874347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12874347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12874347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12874347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1760520.968254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1760520.968254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1760520.968254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1760520.968254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1760520.968254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1760520.968254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78752334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78752334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78752334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78752334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78752334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78752334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1750051.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750051.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1750051.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750051.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1750051.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750051.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                43247                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              167253414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                43503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3844.640921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.427459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.572541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.911826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.088174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8862076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8862076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7458166                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7458166                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19589                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19589                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17957                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17957                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16320242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       16320242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16320242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      16320242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       138273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       139214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       139214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       139214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       139214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  46610731759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46610731759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     79272406                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79272406                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  46690004165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46690004165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  46690004165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46690004165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      9000349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9000349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7459107                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7459107                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19589                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19589                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17957                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17957                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16459456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16459456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16459456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16459456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 337092.069739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337092.069739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84242.726886                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84242.726886                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335382.965542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335382.965542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335382.965542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335382.965542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            9772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        95186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        95967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        95967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        95967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        95967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        43087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        43247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        43247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12391087667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12391087667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10342881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10342881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12401430548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12401430548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12401430548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12401430548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 287582.975538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287582.975538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64643.006250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64643.006250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 286758.169307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286758.169307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 286758.169307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286758.169307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              518.171375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1012190600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1950270.905588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    36.171375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.057967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12182508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12182508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12182508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12182508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12182508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12182508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     93809995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93809995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     93809995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93809995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     93809995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93809995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12182556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12182556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12182556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12182556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12182556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12182556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1954374.895833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1954374.895833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1954374.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1954374.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1954374.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1954374.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72039165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72039165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72039165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72039165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72039165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72039165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1947004.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1947004.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1947004.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1947004.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1947004.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1947004.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                56392                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              172680930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                56648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3048.314680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.820344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.179656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.913361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.086639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8592767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8592767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7269376                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7269376                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16731                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16731                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15862143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15862143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15862143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15862143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       191894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       197553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       197553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       197553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       197553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  81210869611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81210869611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3631765140                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3631765140                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  84842634751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84842634751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  84842634751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84842634751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8784661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8784661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7275035                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7275035                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16731                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16731                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16059696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16059696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16059696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16059696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000778                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000778                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 423206.924714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423206.924714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 641768.004948                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 641768.004948                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 429467.711202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429467.711202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 429467.711202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429467.711202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     52700913                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets            97                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 543308.381443                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           19905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       135663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       141161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       141161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       141161                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       141161                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        56231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        56392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        56392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19371701865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19371701865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     13455992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13455992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19385157857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19385157857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19385157857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19385157857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 344502.176113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344502.176113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 83577.590062                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83577.590062                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 343757.232533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343757.232533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 343757.232533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343757.232533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              581.479190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1041189281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1776773.517065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    40.442242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.036948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.064811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.931858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11606500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11606500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11606500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11606500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11606500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11606500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     97274983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97274983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     97274983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97274983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     97274983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97274983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11606566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11606566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11606566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11606566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11606566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11606566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1473863.378788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1473863.378788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1473863.378788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1473863.378788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1473863.378788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1473863.378788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75594307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75594307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75594307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75594307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75594307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75594307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1758007.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1758007.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1758007.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1758007.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1758007.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1758007.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                79414                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              448569037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                79670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              5630.338107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.909330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.090670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.437146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.562854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     30378584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30378584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16629965                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16629965                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8130                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8130                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8114                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8114                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     47008549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       47008549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     47008549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      47008549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       291298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       291298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       291592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       291592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       291592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       291592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 142676418138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 142676418138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    301150894                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    301150894                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 142977569032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 142977569032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 142977569032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 142977569032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     30669882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30669882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16630259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16630259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8130                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8130                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8114                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8114                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     47300141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47300141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     47300141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47300141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 489795.392135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489795.392135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1024322.768707                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1024322.768707                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 490334.333699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490334.333699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 490334.333699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490334.333699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       622426                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       622426                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           13660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       211959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       212178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       212178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       212178                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       212178                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        79339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        79414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        79414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  37597343434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37597343434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     81065626                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81065626                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  37678409060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37678409060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  37678409060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37678409060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 473882.244974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473882.244974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1080875.013333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1080875.013333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 474455.499786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474455.499786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 474455.499786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474455.499786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
