
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010464                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10463948634                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538239325179                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 409393                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   525447                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 269020                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67618536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 38896.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15923988215                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20438064477                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       179200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       249600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       247808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       153344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       262656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       366080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       254720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       245120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       422784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       179840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       248832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       373888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       149760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       425472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       253824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       142720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4224512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1159168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1159168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         2052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 33004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9056                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9056                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       464834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     17125466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       330277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23853328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       330277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23682073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       428137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     14654506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       428137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     25101041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       440369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     34984881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       415904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24342627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       342509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     23425191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       415904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     40403868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       464834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     17186629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       366974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     23779933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       452602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     35731062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       415904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     14311997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       452602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     40660750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       415904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     24257000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       415904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13639211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               403720636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       464834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       330277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       330277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       428137                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       428137                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       440369                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       415904                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       342509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       415904                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       464834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       366974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       452602                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       415904                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       452602                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       415904                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       415904                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6581072                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         110777302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              110777302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         110777302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       464834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     17125466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       330277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23853328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       330277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23682073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       428137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     14654506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       428137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     25101041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       440369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     34984881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       415904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24342627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       342509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     23425191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       415904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     40403868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       464834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     17186629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       366974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     23779933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       452602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     35731062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       415904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     14311997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       452602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     40660750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       415904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     24257000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       415904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13639211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              514497938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25093403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2068999                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692615                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204059                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       868561                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814278                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214069                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9362                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19944167                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11561308                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2068999                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1028347                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2413889                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        556122                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       451643                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1221378                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204037                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23159131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955527                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20745242     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112399      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         178565      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         241938      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         248946      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         210792      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         118074      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         175864      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1127311      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23159131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082452                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460731                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19742929                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       654894                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2409435                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2700                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       349168                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340578                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14189930                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1539                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       349168                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19796740                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        132744                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       399239                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2359089                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       122146                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14184679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        16363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        53399                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19792853                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     65983408                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     65983408                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153382                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2639447                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3532                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1842                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          368672                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1330874                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       719239                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8575                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       248380                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14167781                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3542                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13458357                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1957                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1565856                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3735869                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          143                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23159131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17403480     75.15%     75.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2416007     10.43%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210149      5.23%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       870120      3.76%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689597      2.98%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284097      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179693      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93243      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12745      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23159131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2533     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8237     36.46%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11823     52.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11318861     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200051      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221055      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716703      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13458357                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.536330                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22593                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001679                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50100390                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15737239                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13251845                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13480950                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27344                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216322                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10188                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       349168                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        105472                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12002                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14171349                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1581                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1330874                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       719239                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1845                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10128                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118492                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114452                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       232944                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13268539                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147824                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1864466                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885901                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716642                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528766                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13251952                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13251845                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7607787                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20503525                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.528101                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371048                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305288                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1866045                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3399                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206383                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22809963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17710983     77.65%     77.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2551532     11.19%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       940839      4.12%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       449971      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       411023      1.80%     96.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       219259      0.96%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171229      0.75%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86612      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268515      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22809963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823600                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114549                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774540                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086900                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       268515                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36712716                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28691866                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                303912                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1934272                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305288                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.509340                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.509340                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.398511                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.398511                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59719906                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18459854                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13151527                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25093403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1897630                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1698355                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153220                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1285824                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1251314                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111118                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4587                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20144283                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10790090                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1897630                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1362432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2406344                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        504292                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       293812                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1220161                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       150098                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23194687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20788343     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         371174      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         182697      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         366368      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         113187      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         340474      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          52216      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          84771      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         895457      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23194687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075623                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.429997                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19906320                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       536611                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2401378                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2065                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       348312                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       175384                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1936                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12039809                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4570                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       348312                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19933566                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        321598                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       133233                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2376018                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        81953                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12021330                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         9407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        65297                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     15720373                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     54435013                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     54435013                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     12699029                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3021331                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1571                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          796                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          177447                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2200417                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       343721                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3106                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        78125                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         11957770                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1574                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        11181284                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7291                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2193001                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4514100                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23194687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18289532     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1531337      6.60%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1658152      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       957121      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       487720      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122508      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142125      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3426      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2766      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23194687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18434     57.41%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7526     23.44%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6148     19.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8748508     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85527      0.76%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          776      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2005911     17.94%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340562      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     11181284                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.445587                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32108                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45596654                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14152375                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10893615                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     11213392                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8658                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       454693                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8693                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       348312                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        215387                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9978                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11959353                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2200417                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       343721                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          794                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3989                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          203                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103233                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58853                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       162086                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11039903                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1977114                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2317631                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1679893                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           340517                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.439952                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             10896308                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            10893615                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6599317                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14255688                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.434123                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.462925                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8682713                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      9748705                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2211127                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1562                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       152084                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22846375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19231114     84.18%     84.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1410714      6.17%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       914959      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286493      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482614      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91946      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58445      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52982      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317108      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22846375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8682713                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      9748705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2080750                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1745722                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1497901                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         8511649                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       119283                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       317108                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           34489073                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          24268244                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                452741                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1898716                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8682713                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             9748705                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8682713                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.890042                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.890042                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.346016                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.346016                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       51360887                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      14165353                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12830053                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1560                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25093403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1899154                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699384                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       152984                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1287634                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1251638                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111444                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4684                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20151681                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10797558                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1899154                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1363082                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2407079                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        503946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       290478                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1220243                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149806                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23199371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20792292     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         371410      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         182114      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         366259      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         113105      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         340560      1.47%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          52253      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          85235      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         896143      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23199371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075683                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430295                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19912937                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       534168                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2402011                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2062                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       348192                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       175678                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1941                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12046978                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4597                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       348192                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19940136                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        318404                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       133724                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2376755                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        82153                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12028376                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        65471                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     15728361                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     54463880                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     54463880                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     12707580                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3020768                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1583                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          178595                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2201765                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       344021                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3118                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        78190                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         11964161                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1590                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        11185962                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7263                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2193141                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4518977                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23199371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18292767     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1531021      6.60%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1658767      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       958278      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       487821      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       121936      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142626      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3387      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2768      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23199371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18346     57.35%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7491     23.42%     80.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6152     19.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8751811     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85632      0.77%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          777      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2006994     17.94%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340748      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     11185962                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.445773                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31989                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45610547                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14158920                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10899274                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     11217951                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9068                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       454629                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           30                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8796                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       348192                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        212204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10015                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11965758                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          429                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2201765                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344021                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          806                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4012                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          205                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           30                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102940                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58811                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       161751                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11045765                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1978936                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140197                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2319646                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1681056                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           340710                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.440186                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             10902135                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            10899274                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6602925                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        14257829                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.434348                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.463109                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8688902                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      9755362                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2210885                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1568                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       151847                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22851179                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19233550     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1411243      6.18%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916003      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       287026      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482638      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91690      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58620      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52959      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317450      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22851179                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8688902                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      9755362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2082358                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1747133                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1498899                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         8517434                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       119341                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       317450                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           34499950                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          24280934                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                452643                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1894032                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8688902                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             9755362                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8688902                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.887983                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.887983                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.346262                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.346262                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       51389461                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      14172513                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12839295                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1568                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25093403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2269486                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1889767                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208535                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       894856                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830404                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244321                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9782                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19765042                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12453086                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2269486                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1074725                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2595836                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        580096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       663609                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1229010                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199309                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23394174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20798338     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         158709      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         200293      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         320004      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         134938      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         172147      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         200549      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          91940      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1317256      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23394174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090442                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.496269                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19649559                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       790365                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2583563                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1259                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       369421                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       344918                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15221145                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1599                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       369421                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19669570                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         63594                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       671837                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2564806                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        54940                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15128280                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         7956                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        38163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     21127816                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     70355185                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     70355185                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17658297                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3469498                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3728                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1976                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          193136                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1417509                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       739651                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8269                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       168300                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14767337                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3740                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        14161206                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14770                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1805689                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3685311                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          212                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23394174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17392324     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2739863     11.71%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1116920      4.77%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       627020      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       849758      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261663      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       258095      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       137722      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10809      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23394174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98115     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13106     10.58%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12659     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11929905     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193614      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1751      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1298923      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       737013      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     14161206                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.564340                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            123880                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008748                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51855236                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16576842                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13789977                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14285086                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10381                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       269739                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10196                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       369421                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         48825                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6321                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14771081                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10915                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1417509                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       739651                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1977                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5521                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123741                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116092                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       239833                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13912953                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1276988                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       248253                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2013893                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1966626                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           736905                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.554447                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13790071                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13789977                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8260546                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        22197934                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.549546                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372131                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10273432                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12659428                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2111692                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3528                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       210090                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23024753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17664956     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2716530     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       987323      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       490491      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449254      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189080      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186756      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89077      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251286      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23024753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10273432                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12659428                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1877219                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1147764                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1760                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1834937                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11397670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       261436                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       251286                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37544522                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          29911688                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                302334                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1699229                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10273432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12659428                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10273432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.442553                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.442553                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.409408                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.409408                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       62604805                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      19269349                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      14075743                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3526                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25093395                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2038999                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1671939                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201929                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       835139                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         793944                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208698                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8989                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19467660                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11599610                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2038999                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1002642                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2549704                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        577573                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       641125                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1201666                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200387                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23030879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20481175     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         275846      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         319058      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         175177      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         202051      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         111045      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          75469      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         197629      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1193429      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23030879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081256                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.462257                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19305148                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       806963                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2528152                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        20352                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       370263                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       330849                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2128                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14160541                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        11183                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       370263                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19336859                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        262115                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       457599                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2518048                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        85986                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14150640                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        21224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        40623                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     19658704                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     65894986                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     65894986                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     16717850                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2940854                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3704                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2073                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          233530                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1356240                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       736936                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19516                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       162767                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14126436                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3713                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13326264                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19246                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1813269                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4215607                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          431                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23030879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17418968     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2255298      9.79%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1212495      5.26%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840020      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       735079      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       375091      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91295      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58689      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43944      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23030879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3387     11.51%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12946     44.00%     55.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13088     44.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11150416     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208451      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1629      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1235042      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       730726      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13326264                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531067                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29421                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002208                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49732074                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15943558                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13098486                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13355685                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32912                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247487                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          144                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19093                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          814                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       370263                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        214950                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14121                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14130174                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6318                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1356240                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       736936                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2074                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10108                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          144                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115698                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114584                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       230282                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13124721                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1157830                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201543                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1888289                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1834482                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           730459                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523035                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13098804                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13098486                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7786212                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20405008                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.521989                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381583                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9819903                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12047994                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2082370                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3282                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       202963                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22660616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17738954     78.28%     78.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2282288     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       957171      4.22%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       573827      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397871      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       256396      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134544      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107365      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212200      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22660616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9819903                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12047994                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1826596                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1108753                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1638                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1724163                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10861970                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       245162                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       212200                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36578715                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          28631008                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                301489                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2062516                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9819903                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12047994                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9819903                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.555361                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.555361                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.391334                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.391334                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       59206519                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18177145                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13213232                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3278                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25093403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2038662                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1667504                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201292                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       836746                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800030                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208948                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8989                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19756999                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11568962                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2038662                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1008978                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2422289                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        586203                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       353439                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1217172                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202606                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     22913321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20491032     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         132032      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         206182      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         329206      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         136321      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         152337      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         163397      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         105936      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1196878      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     22913321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081243                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461036                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19575746                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       536517                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2414413                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         6348                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       380293                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       333871                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14124594                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1651                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       380293                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19606888                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        170585                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       278191                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2390157                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        87203                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14114891                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents         2290                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        24481                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        33101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3515                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19594792                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     65653031                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     65653031                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16680547                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2914231                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2000                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          264838                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1346256                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       722411                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21846                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       166074                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14092901                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3626                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13319813                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17041                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1821434                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4073929                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          371                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22913321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17299623     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2251369      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1231778      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       841080      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786561      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       225044      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176361      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60022      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41483      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22913321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3153     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9869     39.11%     51.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12209     48.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11158474     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210893      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1612      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1230869      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717965      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13319813                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.530809                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25231                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001894                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49595219                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15918117                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13101035                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13345044                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39594                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245305                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22466                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          858                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       380293                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        117297                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12041                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14096546                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5946                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1346256                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722411                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2000                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8853                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116094                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116214                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       232308                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13126800                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1157099                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193013                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1874714                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1846385                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           717615                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.523118                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13101253                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13101035                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7662211                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20018396                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.522091                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382758                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9798242                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12009972                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2086587                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3255                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       205247                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22533028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17655648     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2362974     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       919829      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       495376      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370233      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206926      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128277      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114132      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       279633      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22533028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9798242                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12009972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1800889                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1100944                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1723903                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10821927                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       243974                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       279633                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           36349889                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          28573453                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                321066                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2180082                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9798242                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12009972                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9798242                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.561011                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.561011                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.390471                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.390471                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       59188546                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18163106                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13171856                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25093403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2038913                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1672088                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201959                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       837614                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         794078                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208830                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8953                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19471018                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11599111                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2038913                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1002908                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2548586                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        577312                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       637278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1201659                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200253                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23029032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20480446     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         275514      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         318421      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         175077      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         202117      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         111477      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          75800      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         197714      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1192466      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23029032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081253                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.462237                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19308387                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       803351                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2526500                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        20787                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       370006                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       330503                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2145                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14154905                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        11327                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       370006                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19340685                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        274417                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       440610                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2516199                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        87106                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14144785                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        21146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        41273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           16                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19652919                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     65866182                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     65866182                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16721577                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2931330                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3770                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2137                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          236345                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1354277                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       736514                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19112                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       162699                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14121605                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3777                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13324317                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19426                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1804862                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4194730                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          494                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23029032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17416278     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2258148      9.81%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1212242      5.26%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       838968      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       733410      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       375454      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91736      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58913      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43883      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23029032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3368     11.58%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12552     43.16%     54.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13160     45.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11148787     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208378      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1629      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1235124      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       730399      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13324317                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530989                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29080                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002182                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49726172                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15930382                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13097210                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13353397                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33060                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245289                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           74                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18525                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          814                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       370006                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        226432                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14326                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14125404                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5563                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1354277                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       736514                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2137                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10316                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          139                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116313                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       113907                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       230220                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13123722                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1158617                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       200595                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1888768                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1834406                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           730151                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522995                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13097514                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13097210                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7785651                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        20394510                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521938                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381752                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9822059                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12050641                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2075010                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3283                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       202927                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22659026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17735280     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2283291     10.08%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       957448      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       575195      2.54%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397546      1.75%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       256678      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       133957      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107495      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212136      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22659026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9822059                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12050641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1826974                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1108985                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1638                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1724533                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10864353                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       245213                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       212136                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           36572476                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          28621328                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                301108                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2064371                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9822059                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12050641                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9822059                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.554801                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.554801                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.391420                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.391420                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       59207265                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      18174595                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13212864                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3280                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25093403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1898251                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699182                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153042                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1284922                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1251595                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111282                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4628                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20153301                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10796585                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1898251                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1362877                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2406993                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        503836                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       294493                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1220468                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149939                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23204753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20797760     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         370964      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         182547      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         366450      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         113240      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         340569      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          52521      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          84686      0.36%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         896016      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23204753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.075647                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.430256                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19912514                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       540188                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2402046                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1980                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       348024                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       175092                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         1942                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     12045512                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         4588                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       348024                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19939934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        323049                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       134419                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2376531                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        82789                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     12026526                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         9192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        66421                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     15727246                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     54458940                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     54458940                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     12707387                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3019859                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1574                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          799                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          179882                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      2201420                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       343896                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3141                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        78157                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         11962698                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1578                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        11185443                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7346                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2192097                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4518305                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23204753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18296739     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1533546      6.61%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1658576      7.15%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       957376      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       487647      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122152      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142517      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3433      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2767      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23204753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18385     57.37%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7502     23.41%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6158     19.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8750875     78.23%     78.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85633      0.77%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          777      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2007499     17.95%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340659      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     11185443                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.445752                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32045                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45615030                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14156403                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10897946                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     11217488                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8345                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       454298                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8680                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       348024                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        215809                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10110                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11964282                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1212                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2201420                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       343896                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          796                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4068                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          212                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103252                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58688                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       161940                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11044642                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1978846                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2319463                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1680238                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           340617                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.440141                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             10900713                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            10897946                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6602273                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        14259391                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.434295                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.463012                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8688788                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      9755227                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2209556                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1566                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       151904                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22856729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19238144     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1412177      6.18%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       915946      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       287082      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482775      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92012      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58410      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53172      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317011      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22856729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      8688788                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      9755227                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2082338                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1747122                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1498880                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         8517313                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       119338                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       317011                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           34504475                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          24277834                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                452475                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1888650                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           8688788                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             9755227                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      8688788                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.888021                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.888021                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.346258                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.346258                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       51385440                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      14171530                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      12837921                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25093403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1955633                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1764174                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       104726                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       736496                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         696175                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107519                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4606                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20705665                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12303982                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1955633                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       803694                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2431340                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        329439                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       477477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1190611                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105068                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23836628                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21405288     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          86344      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         177873      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          73874      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         402511      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         359067      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          69591      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         146190      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1115890      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23836628                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077934                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.490327                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20587865                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       596879                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2422121                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         7859                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       221899                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       171953                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14427515                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1514                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       221899                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20609871                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        422567                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       106820                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2409397                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        66067                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14418815                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        27709                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        24099                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          369                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     16941780                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     67907182                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     67907182                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     14985457                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        1956309                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1682                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          855                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          169155                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3397339                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1717034                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15636                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        84195                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387629                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1689                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13819997                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7408                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1133271                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2727019                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23836628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18928819     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1467233      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1207173      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       520916      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       662144      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639872      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       363600      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28834      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18037      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23836628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34940     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272586     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7890      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8675137     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120710      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          827      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3310436     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1712887     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13819997                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.550742                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315416                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022823                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51799446                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15522951                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13699983                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     14135413                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24983                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       134749                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          363                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11149                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1224                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       221899                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        386476                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18003                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14389332                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3397339                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1717034                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          855                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12135                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          363                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59747                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62656                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       122403                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13721845                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3299103                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98152                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            5011831                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1797151                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1712728                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.546831                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13700494                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13699983                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7402005                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        14590371                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.545960                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507321                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11121039                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     13068760                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1321872                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1671                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       106781                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23614729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18877359     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1727720      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       811165      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       801542      3.39%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       218023      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       932917      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69902      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50813      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125288      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23614729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11121039                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     13068760                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              4968475                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             3262590                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1725624                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11621432                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       126571                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       125288                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           37880034                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          29003209                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                455748                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1256775                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11121039                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            13068760                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11121039                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.256390                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.256390                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.443186                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.443186                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       67825290                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      15918949                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      17168083                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1668                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25093403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2068605                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692383                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       203933                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869076                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814254                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213677                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9288                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19945029                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11557841                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2068605                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1027931                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2412830                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        556140                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       451242                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1221290                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204040                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23158675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20745845     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         112398      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         178340      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         241698      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         249042      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         210165      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         118220      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         176483      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1126484      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23158675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.082436                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.460593                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19744274                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       653932                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2408436                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2714                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       349314                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       340538                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14184910                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1527                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       349314                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19797876                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        132011                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       399167                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2358284                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       122018                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14180102                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        16450                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        53253                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19786532                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     65959440                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     65959440                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17150648                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2635884                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3408                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1721                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          367494                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1329940                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       718920                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8416                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       212407                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14162775                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13453507                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1563346                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3734008                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23158675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17432307     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2381670     10.28%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1200238      5.18%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       880185      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       694821      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283723      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179855      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93231      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12645      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23158675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2532     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8243     36.50%     47.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11811     52.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11314744     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200013      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1220534      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716529      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13453507                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.536137                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22586                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001679                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50090255                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15729601                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13247500                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13476093                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26963                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215544                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9961                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       349314                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        104651                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12032                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14166216                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1686                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1329940                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718920                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1721                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10170                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118708                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114218                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       232926                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13263953                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147223                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189554                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1863689                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1885408                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           716466                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.528583                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13247617                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13247500                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7603966                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20492274                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.527928                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371065                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9998444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12303397                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1862823                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       206263                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22809361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539401                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17734621     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2528259     11.08%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943270      4.14%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       449461      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396730      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218620      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180348      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86309      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271743      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22809361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9998444                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12303397                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1823355                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1114396                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1774258                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11085214                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       253399                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       271743                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           36703773                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          28681766                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                303972                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1934728                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9998444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12303397                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9998444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.509731                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.509731                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.398449                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.398449                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       59698809                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18453445                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13147570                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3392                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25093403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1898385                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1698743                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       152991                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1286010                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1251449                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111136                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4641                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20149820                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10796186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1898385                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1362585                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2406633                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        504239                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       294169                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1220238                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149806                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23201042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20794409     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         371474      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         182211      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         366151      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         113007      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         340422      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          52172      0.22%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          85164      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         896032      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23201042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075653                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430240                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19912145                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       536717                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2401690                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2007                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       348482                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       175628                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1940                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12044227                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4557                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       348482                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19939361                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        320721                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       134093                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2376374                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        82004                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12025706                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9348                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        65465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     15723329                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     54451073                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     54451073                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     12701409                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3021894                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1572                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          797                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          177881                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2202498                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       343891                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3079                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        78085                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         11961996                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1575                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        11183274                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7221                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2195489                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4523029                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23201042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18294586     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1532307      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1658598      7.15%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       956345      4.12%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       488483      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122457      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142080      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3449      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2737      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23201042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18368     57.38%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7489     23.39%     80.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6156     19.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8749101     78.23%     78.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85647      0.77%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          776      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2007126     17.95%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340624      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     11183274                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.445666                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32013                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45606824                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14159090                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10896024                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     11215287                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8469                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       456138                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           19                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8845                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       348482                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        214814                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10041                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11963582                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          881                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2202498                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       343891                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          795                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4095                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          201                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102887                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58841                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       161728                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11042949                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1978957                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140325                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2319536                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1680482                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           340579                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.440074                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             10898851                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            10896024                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6600617                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        14250419                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.434219                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.463188                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8684758                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      9750750                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2213308                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1562                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       151856                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22852560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19235876     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1411159      6.18%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       915653      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286693      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482650      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92107      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58618      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53069      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       316735      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22852560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8684758                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      9750750                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2081399                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1746353                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1498231                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         8513382                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       119292                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       316735                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           34499857                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          24276885                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                452962                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1892361                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8684758                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             9750750                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8684758                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.889361                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.889361                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.346097                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.346097                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       51375674                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      14167142                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12837424                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1560                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25093403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2037713                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1666629                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       200741                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       835618                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799611                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208739                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9009                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19744021                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11564316                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2037713                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1008350                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2422572                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        584302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       358266                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1216032                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202048                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22904115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20481543     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         132534      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         207008      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         329526      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         135902      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         152332      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         162501      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         105581      0.46%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1197188      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22904115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081205                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460851                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19562020                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       542134                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2414631                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         6363                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       378963                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       333811                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14120393                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1600                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       378963                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19593214                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        172185                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       281723                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2390416                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        87610                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14110635                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents         2120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        24576                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        33025                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4172                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     19591181                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     65636440                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     65636440                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     16682578                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2908603                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1987                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          264728                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1346752                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       722417                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21725                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       165795                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14088187                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3614                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13314351                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16948                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1815483                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4079488                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          360                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22904115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17293011     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2248578      9.82%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1232152      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       842166      3.68%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       785908      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       224887      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176479      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59442      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41492      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22904115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3162     12.40%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10103     39.64%     52.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12225     47.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11153672     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210798      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1230436      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717832      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13314351                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.530592                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25490                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001914                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49575255                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15907431                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13095594                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13339841                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40083                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245725                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           28                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22397                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          860                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       378963                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        119391                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12194                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14091826                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5971                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1346752                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722417                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1989                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8979                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          153                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115579                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116244                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       231823                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13121509                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1157215                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192842                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1874678                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1846191                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           717463                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.522907                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13095842                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13095594                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7660868                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        20013240                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.521874                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382790                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9799423                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12011330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2080531                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3254                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       204697                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22525152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17647505     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2363384     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920199      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       494527      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370258      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206333      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129137      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114024      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       279785      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22525152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9799423                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12011330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1801047                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1101027                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1724062                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10823165                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       243991                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       279785                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           36337163                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          28562722                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                320590                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2189288                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9799423                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12011330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9799423                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.560702                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.560702                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.390518                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.390518                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       59163023                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      18157192                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13167022                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3250                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25093403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2269316                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1890070                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208762                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       896528                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831083                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244019                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9742                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19768062                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12451717                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2269316                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1075102                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2595293                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        580317                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       667475                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1229244                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199506                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23400507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20805214     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         158347      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         201476      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         320020      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         133899      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         171699      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         200756      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          91721      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1317375      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23400507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090435                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.496215                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19652688                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       794234                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2582907                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       369405                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       344454                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          272                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     15216632                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       369405                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19672855                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         63292                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       675887                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2564022                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        55040                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     15122994                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         7980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        38208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     21124575                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     70330964                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     70330964                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17658068                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3466507                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3719                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1967                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          194115                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1416065                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       739151                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8293                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       168060                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14763388                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3731                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14158648                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14547                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1803726                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3672262                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          203                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23400507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17398953     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2740807     11.71%     86.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1115832      4.77%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       627664      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       849221      3.63%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261367      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       258002      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       137834      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10827      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23400507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98117     79.25%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13033     10.53%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12650     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11929070     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193608      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1751      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1297679      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       736540      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14158648                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.564238                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            123800                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008744                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51856150                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16570928                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13788321                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14282448                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10474                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       268329                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           84                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9710                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       369405                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         48590                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6286                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14767122                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11143                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1416065                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       739151                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1968                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5467                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           84                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123866                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       240205                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13910588                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1276326                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       248060                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2012774                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1966359                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           736448                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.554352                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13788410                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13788321                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8261261                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        22196607                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.549480                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372186                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10273295                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12659240                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2107957                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3528                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       210311                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23031102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17671429     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2716496     11.79%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       987203      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       490592      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449253      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189041      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186742      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88875      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251471      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23031102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10273295                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12659240                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1877177                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1147736                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1760                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1834908                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11397501                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       261432                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       251471                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37546763                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29903809                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                302525                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1692896                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10273295                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12659240                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10273295                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.442586                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.442586                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.409402                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.409402                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       62596320                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      19268882                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14073957                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3526                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25093403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1953830                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1762451                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       104955                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       738516                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         695538                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107309                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4599                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20695452                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12293482                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1953830                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       802847                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2429089                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        329629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       477706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1190255                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105316                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23824352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21395263     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          85997      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         177421      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          73691      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         402423      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         358991      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          69570      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         146574      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1114422      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23824352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077862                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.489909                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20578042                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       596731                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2419763                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         7953                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       221858                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       171880                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14415880                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1502                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       221858                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       20600128                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        420256                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       108483                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2407057                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        66563                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14407206                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        27847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        24263                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          396                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     16928961                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     67852457                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     67852457                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     14975069                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        1953886                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1684                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          857                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          170349                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3394719                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1715523                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15641                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        83253                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14376165                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1690                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13809920                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7357                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1130950                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2722034                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23824352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18919926     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1466773      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1205793      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       520663      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661611      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639192      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       363703      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28578      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18113      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23824352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34876     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272420     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7889      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8669195     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120679      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          826      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3307820     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1711400     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13809920                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.550341                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315185                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022823                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51766734                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15509168                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13689858                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14125105                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25052                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135018                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          365                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11139                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1221                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       221858                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        384005                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17827                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14377872                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          151                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3394719                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1715523                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          858                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11928                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          365                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60047                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62684                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       122731                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13711800                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3296373                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98120                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            5007607                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1795985                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1711234                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.546430                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13690369                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13689858                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7396843                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        14583746                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.545556                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507198                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11112647                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     13059104                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1319956                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1667                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       107014                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23602494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18868695     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1726691      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       810530      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       800637      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       217894      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       931874      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70054      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50780      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125339      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23602494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11112647                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     13059104                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              4964077                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3259698                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1724442                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11612856                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       126526                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       125339                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37856176                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          28980027                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                455520                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1269051                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11112647                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            13059104                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11112647                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.258094                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.258094                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.442851                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.442851                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       67773538                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      15908360                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      17153342                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1664                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25093403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2039000                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1671288                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201226                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       835820                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         793597                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         209520                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9029                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19482310                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11607913                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2039000                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1003117                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2550399                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        574958                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       646723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1201933                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199738                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23049906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20499507     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         275845      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         318311      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         175180      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         201924      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         111187      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          75669      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         198070      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1194213      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23049906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081256                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.462588                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19319033                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       813357                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2528532                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        20642                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       368341                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       331310                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2133                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14169246                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        11294                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       368341                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19350925                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        253763                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       471953                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2518468                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        86447                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14159686                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        21043                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        40992                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19673343                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     65940067                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     65940067                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     16750007                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2923336                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3763                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2127                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          234046                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1356036                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       738361                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19697                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       163424                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14136283                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3774                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13344621                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19421                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1800185                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4176776                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          483                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23049906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17430292     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2258973      9.80%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1214355      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840200      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       735532      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       375919      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91731      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59003      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43901      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23049906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3378     11.52%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12762     43.52%     55.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13183     44.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11164255     83.66%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208847      1.57%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1632      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1237825      9.28%     94.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732062      5.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13344621                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.531798                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29323                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002197                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49787892                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15940376                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13117102                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13373944                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33513                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245127                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19090                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          816                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       368341                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        206857                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13807                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14140080                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6061                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1356036                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738361                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2130                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9828                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115428                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114029                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       229457                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13143744                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1160796                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       200877                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1892609                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1837246                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           731813                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.523793                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13117401                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13117102                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7796682                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20423956                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522731                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381742                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9838946                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12071237                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2068998                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3291                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       202263                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22681565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351019                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17750572     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2285861     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959310      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       575635      2.54%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398296      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       257425      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134359      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107468      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212639      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22681565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9838946                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12071237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1830180                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1110909                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1642                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1727444                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10882951                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       245626                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       212639                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           36609096                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          28648822                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                300851                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2043497                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9838946                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12071237                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9838946                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.550416                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.550416                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.392093                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.392093                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       59296406                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18201386                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13224983                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3288                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25093403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2271847                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1892044                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208693                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       894642                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830978                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244031                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9717                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19778107                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12463805                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2271847                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1075009                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2597523                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        580409                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       669423                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1230030                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199521                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23414893                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20817370     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         158682      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         200501      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         320702      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         134309      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         171995      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         201090      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          92014      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1318230      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23414893                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090536                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.496696                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19662482                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       796296                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2585332                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1212                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       369564                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       345004                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     15231847                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       369564                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19682518                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         63255                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       677912                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2566528                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        55110                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     15138805                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         8004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        38287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     21145365                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     70397550                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     70397550                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17669575                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3475790                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3694                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1940                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          193951                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1417180                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       740068                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8050                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       168334                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14776795                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3705                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        14170487                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14770                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1806709                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3681227                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          174                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23414893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17409446     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2741090     11.71%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1117880      4.77%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       627679      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       850068      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261875      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       257918      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       138051      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10886      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23414893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98174     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13077     10.55%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12659     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11938859     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193762      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1753      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1298694      9.16%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       737419      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     14170487                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.564710                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            123910                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008744                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51894547                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16587282                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13799760                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14294397                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10231                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       268718                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10150                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       369564                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         48586                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6216                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14780503                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1417180                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       740068                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1941                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5391                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123742                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116485                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       240227                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13922227                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1277028                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       248260                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2014346                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1968433                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           737318                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.554816                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13799831                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13799760                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8266704                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        22209465                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.549936                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372215                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10279997                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12667444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2113113                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3531                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       210241                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23045329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17682030     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2718315     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       988452      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       490733      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449246      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       188897      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186798      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89095      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251763      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23045329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10279997                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12667444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1878380                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1148462                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1836085                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11404887                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       261596                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       251763                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37574058                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          29930690                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                302644                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1678510                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10279997                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12667444                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10279997                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.440993                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.440993                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.409669                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.409669                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       62645188                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      19284415                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14087249                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3528                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          33012                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.372158                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1341713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          65780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          20.396975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           311.890374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.221500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   583.724729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    18.246700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   803.586772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.845681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   794.430149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.761818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   519.804967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.514683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   924.663908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.066701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1208.294811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    20.728103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   876.242174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    19.674069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   789.031353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.226803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1417.099399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.468127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   589.395543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.991889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   802.048152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.526819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1241.485921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    21.043614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   506.232855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    25.470910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1424.757674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    20.526590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   880.670292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    21.583129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   480.142963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           923.767612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1374.838670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1384.957044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           762.722586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1085.311388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1399.395060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1149.771109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1357.969503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1286.170936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           920.905445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1355.392241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1319.006648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           754.356126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1244.494266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1125.027218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           814.887133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.009518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.017814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.024524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.024244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.015863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.028219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.036874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.026741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.024079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.043246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.017987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.024477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.037887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.015449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.043480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.026876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.014653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.028191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.041957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.042266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.023276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.033121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.042706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.035088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.041442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.039251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.028104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.041363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.040253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.023021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.037979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.034333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.024868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   55984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16940                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16940                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   184                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    56168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3566                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3586                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2538                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3590                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3605                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3588                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4770                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2645                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3585                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4215                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4727                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3633                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2619                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   56168                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 32992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  33004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1400                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1950                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1936                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2052                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2860                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1990                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1915                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3303                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1405                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1944                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2921                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3324                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1983                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1115                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 33004                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5710437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    212246313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4095891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    294552043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4044226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    292148795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5456641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    181542485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5544072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    310063747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5429422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    434120252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5155023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    300713532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4197913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    289783667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5175151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    504483941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5984522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    213591612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4749747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    293157946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5630246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    443256627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5325954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    178140693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5600271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    506209841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5170610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    300259785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5039193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    169270186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5005850784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       446802                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       416165                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       130874                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       158773                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       137329                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       426469                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1716412                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5710437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    212246313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4095891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    294552043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4044226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    292148795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5456641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    181542485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5544072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    310510549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5429422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    434120252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5155023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    301129697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4197913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    289914541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5175151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    504642714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5984522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    213591612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4749747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    293157946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5630246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    443256627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5325954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    178140693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5600271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    506347170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5170610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    300686254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5039193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    169270186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5007567196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5710437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    212246313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4095891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    294552043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4044226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    292148795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5456641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    181542485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5544072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    310510549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5429422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    434120252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5155023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    301129697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4197913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    289914541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5175151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    504642714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5984522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    213591612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4749747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    293157946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5630246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    443256627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5325954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    178140693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5600271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    506347170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5170610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    300686254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5039193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    169270186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5007567196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               88976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16940                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16940                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                89172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               89172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.346964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.353902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.321784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.364331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.402024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.409474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.410195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.314685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.413206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.299812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.370797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.061224                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.353517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.320664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.363701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.355675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.409142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.409333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.313673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.412868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.298607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.370116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.353517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.320664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.363701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.355675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.409142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.409333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.313673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.412868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.298607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.370116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150274.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151604.509286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151699.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151052.329744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149786.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150903.303202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155904.028571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151537.967446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158402.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151324.425085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150817.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151790.297902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151618.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151340.479114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149925.464286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151402.124869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152210.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152781.326772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157487.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152022.499644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158324.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150801.412551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152168.810811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151748.246149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156645.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152257.002564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151358.675676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152335.191393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152076.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151646.356061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148211.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151811.826009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151729.230844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       148934                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 138721.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       130874                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       158773                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       137329                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 142156.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143034.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150274.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151604.509286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151699.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151052.329744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149786.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150903.303202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155904.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151537.967446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158402.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151320.930312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150817.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151790.297902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151618.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151321.455779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149925.464286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151391.405222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152210.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152783.140781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157487.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152022.499644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158324.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150801.412551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152168.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151748.246149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156645.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152257.002564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151358.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152330.676895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152076.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151631.998991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148211.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151811.826009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151726.069446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150274.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151604.509286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151699.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151052.329744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149786.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150903.303202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155904.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151537.967446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158402.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151320.930312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150817.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151790.297902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151618.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151321.455779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149925.464286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151391.405222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152210.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152783.140781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157487.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152022.499644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158324.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150801.412551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152168.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151748.246149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156645.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152257.002564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151358.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152330.676895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152076.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151631.998991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148211.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151811.826009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151726.069446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9056                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9056                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            32992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             33004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            33004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3495361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    130701105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2524251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    180981744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2473597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    179384526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3424717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111787155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3509081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    190710862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3335075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    267580148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3178028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    185002728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2567466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    178300052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3197903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    312255227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3776009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    131783864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3005359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    179906356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3474615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    273146223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3352346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    110010379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3445257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    312761146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3194193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    184938991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3059388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    104337409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3084600561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       270955                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       240167                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        72824                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       100121                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        79153                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       251247                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1014467                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3495361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    130701105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2524251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    180981744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2473597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    179384526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3424717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111787155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3509081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    190981817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3335075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    267580148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3178028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    185242895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2567466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    178372876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3197903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    312355348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3776009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    131783864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3005359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    179906356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3474615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    273146223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3352346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    110010379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3445257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    312840299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3194193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185190238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3059388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    104337409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3085615028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3495361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    130701105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2524251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    180981744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2473597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    179384526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3424717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111787155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3509081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    190981817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3335075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    267580148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3178028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    185242895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2567466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    178372876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3197903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    312355348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3776009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    131783864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3005359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    179906356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3474615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    273146223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3352346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    110010379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3445257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    312840299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3194193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185190238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3059388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    104337409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3085615028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.346964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.353902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.321784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.364331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.402024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.409474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.410195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.314685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.413206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.299812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.370797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.353517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.320664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.363701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.355675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.409142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.409333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.313673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.412868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.298607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.370116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.353517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.320664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.363701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.355675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.409142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.409333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.313673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.412868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.298607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.370116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91983.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93357.932143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93490.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92811.150769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 91614.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92657.296488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97849.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93311.481636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 100259.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93075.091264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92640.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93559.492308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93471.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93106.556618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91695.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93155.722048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94055.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94565.483646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99368.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93796.344484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 100178.633333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92544.421811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93908.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93511.202670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98598.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94025.964957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93115.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94120.116160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93946.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93403.530808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        89982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93576.151570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93495.409827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 90318.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 80055.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        72824                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       100121                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        79153                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        83749                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84538.916667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91983.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93357.932143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93490.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92811.150769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 91614.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92657.296488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97849.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93311.481636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 100259.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93071.060916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92640.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93559.492308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93471.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93086.881910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91695.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93145.104961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94055.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94567.165607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99368.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93796.344484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 100178.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92544.421811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93908.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93511.202670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98598.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94025.964957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93115.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94115.613418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93946.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93388.924861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        89982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93576.151570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93492.153315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91983.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93357.932143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93490.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92811.150769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 91614.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92657.296488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97849.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93311.481636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 100259.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93071.060916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92640.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93559.492308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93471.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93086.881910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91695.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93145.104961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94055.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94567.165607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99368.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93796.344484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 100178.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92544.421811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93908.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93511.202670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98598.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94025.964957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93115.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94115.613418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93946.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93388.924861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        89982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93576.151570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93492.153315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              509.058849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001229424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1940367.100775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.058849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.054581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1221328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1221328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7774182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7774182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7774182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7774182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7774182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7774182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155483.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155483.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155483.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155483.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155483.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155483.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6484540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6484540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6484540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6484540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6484540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6484540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158159.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158159.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158159.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158159.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158159.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158159.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4050                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152643424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35449.006967                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.927742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.072258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.862999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.137001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       839811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1822                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1822                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        12958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        12958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1528028842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1528028842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7224419                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7224419                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1535253261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1535253261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1535253261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1535253261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       852679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1822                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1822                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118746.412962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118746.412962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 80271.322222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80271.322222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118479.183593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118479.183593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118479.183593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118479.183593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    403478299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    403478299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       982156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       982156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    404460455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    404460455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    404460455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    404460455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99994.621809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99994.621809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 65477.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65477.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99866.779012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99866.779012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99866.779012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99866.779012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              550.753618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              921365158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1660117.401802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.585262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.168356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.039399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1220126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1220126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1220126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1220126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1220126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5404712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5404712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5404712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5404712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5404712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5404712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1220161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1220161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1220161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154420.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154420.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154420.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154420.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154420.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154420.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4607435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4607435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4607435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4607435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4607435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4607435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164551.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164551.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164551.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164551.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164551.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164551.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              205503577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35603.530319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   194.370336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    61.629664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.759259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.240741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1810772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1810772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       333421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2144193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2144193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2144193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2144193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        18951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        18951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2039405852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2039405852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2490730                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2490730                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2041896582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2041896582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2041896582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2041896582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1829693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1829693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       333451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2163144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2163144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2163144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2163144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107785.310079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107785.310079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 83024.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83024.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107746.112712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107746.112712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107746.112712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107746.112712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13435                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13435                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    554232322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    554232322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       419934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       419934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    554652256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    554652256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    554652256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    554652256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100586.628312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100586.628312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        69989                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69989                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100553.345903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100553.345903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100553.345903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100553.345903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              550.339228                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              921365243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1660117.554955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    24.171033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.168195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.038736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1220211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1220211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1220211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1220211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1220211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5269397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5269397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5269397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5269397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5269397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5269397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1220243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1220243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1220243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164668.656250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164668.656250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164668.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164668.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164668.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164668.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4593425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4593425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4593425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4593425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4593425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4593425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164050.892857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164050.892857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164050.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164050.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164050.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164050.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              205505005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             35566.805988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   193.035056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    62.964944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.754043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.245957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1811992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1811992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       333613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          784                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          784                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2145605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2145605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2145605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2145605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        18913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        18913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2032391021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2032391021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2991789                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2991789                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2035382810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2035382810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2035382810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2035382810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1830875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1830875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       333643                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333643                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          784                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          784                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2164518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2164518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2164518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2164518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107630.727162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107630.727162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99726.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99726.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107618.189076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107618.189076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107618.189076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107618.189076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          646                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             646                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    553930636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    553930636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       462006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       462006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    554392642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    554392642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    554392642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    554392642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100422.522843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100422.522843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        77001                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77001                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100397.073886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100397.073886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100397.073886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100397.073886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              487.579947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1004328400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2041317.886179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    32.579947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.052211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1228960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1228960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1228960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1228960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1228960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1228960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8253550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8253550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8253550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8253550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8253550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8253550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1229010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1229010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1229010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       165071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       165071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       165071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       165071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       165071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       165071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6252152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6252152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6252152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6252152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6252152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6252152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168977.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168977.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168977.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168977.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168977.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168977.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 3736                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              148943595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 3992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             37310.519790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   219.378935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    36.621065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.856949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.143051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       977986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        977986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       725817                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       725817                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1763                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1763                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1703803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1703803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1703803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1703803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           79                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         9582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         9582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1017134213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1017134213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5671887                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5671887                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1022806100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1022806100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1022806100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1022806100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       987489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       725896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       725896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1763                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1763                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1713385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1713385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1713385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1713385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107032.959381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107032.959381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 71796.037975                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71796.037975                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106742.444166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106742.444166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106742.444166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106742.444166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5846                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5846                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    363735505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    363735505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       985020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       985020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    364720525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    364720525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    364720525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    364720525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97699.571582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97699.571582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 75770.769231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75770.769231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97623.266863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97623.266863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97623.266863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97623.266863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              510.993075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1002525774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1935377.942085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    28.993075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.046463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1201623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1201623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1201623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1201623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1201623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1201623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7442194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7442194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7442194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7442194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7442194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7442194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1201666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1201666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1201666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1201666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1201666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1201666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173074.279070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173074.279070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173074.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173074.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173074.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173074.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6197119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6197119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6197119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6197119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6197119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6197119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172142.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172142.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172142.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172142.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172142.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172142.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5642                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              158551486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             26882.245846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   227.392013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    28.607987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.888250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.111750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       846327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        846327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       713808                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       713808                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1672                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1672                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1639                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1639                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1560135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1560135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1560135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1560135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          488                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          488                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        19787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        19787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2432421027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2432421027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     56975715                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     56975715                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2489396742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2489396742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2489396742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2489396742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       865626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       865626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       714296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       714296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1672                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1672                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1639                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1639                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1579922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1579922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1579922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1579922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 126038.708068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126038.708068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 116753.514344                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116753.514344                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125809.710517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125809.710517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125809.710517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125809.710517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14145                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14145                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    572793107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    572793107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1459604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1459604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    574252711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    574252711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    574252711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    574252711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101847.991999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101847.991999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 81089.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81089.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101781.763736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101781.763736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101781.763736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101781.763736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              522.570410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1006992449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1910801.611006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    32.570410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.052196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.837453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1217124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1217124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1217124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1217124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1217124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7537333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7537333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7537333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7537333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7537333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7537333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1217172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1217172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1217172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157027.770833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157027.770833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157027.770833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157027.770833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157027.770833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157027.770833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6131579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6131579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6131579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6131579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6131579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6131579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165718.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165718.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165718.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165718.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165718.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165718.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 7129                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              167404575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 7385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             22668.188896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   227.289477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    28.710523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.887850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.112150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       842200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       696570                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696570                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1538770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1538770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1538770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1538770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        18376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18376                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        18376                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2158618299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2158618299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7504759                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7504759                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2166123058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2166123058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2166123058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2166123058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       860484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       860484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       696662                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696662                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1557146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1557146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1557146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1557146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118060.506399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118060.506399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 81573.467391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81573.467391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117877.832934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117877.832934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117877.832934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117877.832934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    749795918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    749795918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       993090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       993090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    750789008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    750789008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    750789008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    750789008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105397.233343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105397.233343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        66206                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66206                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105314.771777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105314.771777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105314.771777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105314.771777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              510.351259                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1002525764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1939121.400387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.351259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.045435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1201613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1201613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1201613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1201613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1201613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1201613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7394632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7394632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7394632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7394632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7394632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7394632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1201659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1201659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1201659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1201659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1201659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1201659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160752.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160752.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160752.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160752.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160752.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160752.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5771249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5771249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5771249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5771249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5771249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5771249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164892.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164892.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164892.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164892.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164892.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164892.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5595                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              158552169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             27098.302683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   226.928935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    29.071065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.886441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.113559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       846760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        846760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       713952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       713952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1777                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1777                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1640                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1640                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1560712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1560712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1560712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1560712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        19833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        19833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2448731934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2448731934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     60073408                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     60073408                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2508805342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2508805342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2508805342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2508805342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       866104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       714441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       714441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1777                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1777                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1640                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1640                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1580545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1580545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1580545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1580545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.022335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 126588.706266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126588.706266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122849.505112                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122849.505112                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 126496.512983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126496.512983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 126496.512983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126496.512983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14238                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14238                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    563572047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    563572047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1491542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1491542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    565063589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    565063589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    565063589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    565063589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101052.904250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101052.904250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 82863.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82863.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100994.385880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100994.385880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100994.385880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100994.385880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              551.584486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              921365466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1657132.133094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    25.416062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   526.168423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.040731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.843219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1220434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1220434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1220434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1220434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1220434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5304004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5304004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5304004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5304004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5304004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5304004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1220468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1220468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1220468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156000.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156000.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156000.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156000.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156000.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156000.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4604022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4604022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4604022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4604022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4604022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4604022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158759.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158759.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158759.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158759.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158759.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158759.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5503                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              205505695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5759                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             35684.267234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   193.305129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    62.694871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.755098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.244902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1812701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1812701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       333606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          782                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          782                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2146307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        2146307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2146307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       2146307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        18933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        18933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2038291748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2038291748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2635068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2635068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2040926816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2040926816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2040926816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2040926816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1831604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1831604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       333636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2165240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2165240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2165240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2165240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107829.008517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107829.008517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 87835.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87835.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107797.328263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107797.328263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107797.328263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107797.328263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13430                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13430                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    550934083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    550934083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       484723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       484723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    551418806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    551418806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    551418806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    551418806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100224.501182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100224.501182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 80787.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80787.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100203.308377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100203.308377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100203.308377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100203.308377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              573.654303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1032147329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1785722.022491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.761410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.892893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.050900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.868418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.919318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1190564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1190564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1190564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1190564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1190564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7308440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7308440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7308440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7308440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7308440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7308440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1190611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1190611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1190611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1190611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1190611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155498.723404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155498.723404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155498.723404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155498.723404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155498.723404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155498.723404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5708531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5708531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5708531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5708531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5708531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5708531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163100.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163100.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163100.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163100.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163100.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163100.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 8073                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              406957291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 8329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             48860.282267                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   110.995228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   145.004772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.433575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.566425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3112984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3112984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1704161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1704161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4817145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        4817145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4817145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       4817145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        28643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        28643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3344923874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3344923874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2749650                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2749650                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3347673524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3347673524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3347673524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3347673524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3141598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3141598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1704190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1704190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4845788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4845788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4845788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4845788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 116898.157336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116898.157336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94815.517241                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94815.517241                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 116875.799462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116875.799462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 116875.799462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116875.799462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1369                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1369                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    871828246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    871828246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       729544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       729544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    872557790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    872557790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    872557790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    872557790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108113.621776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108113.621776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 81060.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81060.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108083.462158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108083.462158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108083.462158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108083.462158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              508.524686                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001229337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1944134.634951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    33.524686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.053725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1221241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1221241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1221241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1221241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1221241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8153244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8153244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8153244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8153244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8153244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8153244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1221290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1221290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1221290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166392.734694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166392.734694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166392.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166392.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166392.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166392.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6737296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6737296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6737296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6737296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6737296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6737296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168432.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168432.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168432.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168432.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168432.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168432.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 4050                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              152643168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35448.947515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   220.928763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    35.071237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.863003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.136997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       839768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       705610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1701                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1701                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1545378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1545378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        12944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        12944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1528016114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1528016114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7189635                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7189635                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1535205749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1535205749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1535205749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1535205749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       852622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       705700                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705700                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1701                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1701                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1558322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1558322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118874.756029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118874.756029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 79884.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79884.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118603.657988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118603.657988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118603.657988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118603.657988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8894                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8894                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    404731852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    404731852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       977285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       977285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    405709137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    405709137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    405709137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    405709137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100305.291698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100305.291698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 65152.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65152.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100175.095556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100175.095556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100175.095556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100175.095556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              552.402438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              921365233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1651192.173835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    26.234156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.168283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.042042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1220201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1220201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1220201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1220201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1220201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6224111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6224111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6224111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6224111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6224111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6224111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1220238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1220238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1220238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168219.216216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168219.216216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168219.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168219.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168219.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168219.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5370449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5370449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5370449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5370449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5370449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5370449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 173240.290323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173240.290323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 173240.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173240.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 173240.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173240.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5529                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              205505469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5785                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35523.849438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   194.773542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    61.226458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.760834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.239166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1812645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1812645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       333439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          785                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          785                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2146084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2146084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2146084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2146084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        18982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        18982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2037204754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2037204754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2460429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2460429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2039665183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2039665183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2039665183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2039665183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1831597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1831597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       333469                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333469                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          785                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          785                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2165066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2165066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2165066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2165066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107492.863761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107492.863761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82014.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82014.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107452.596302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107452.596302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107452.596302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107452.596302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          627                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             627                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    554674803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    554674803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       388458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       388458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    555063261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    555063261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    555063261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    555063261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100429.984248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100429.984248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64743                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64743                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100391.257189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100391.257189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100391.257189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100391.257189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              521.739846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1006991307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1907180.505682                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    31.739846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.050865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1215982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1215982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1215982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1215982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1215982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1215982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7759479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7759479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7759479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7759479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7759479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7759479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1216032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1216032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1216032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1216032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1216032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1216032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155189.580000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155189.580000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155189.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155189.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155189.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155189.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6183464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6183464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6183464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6183464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6183464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6183464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162722.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162722.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162722.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162722.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162722.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162722.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 7136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              167404287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 7392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             22646.683847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   227.358803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    28.641197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.888120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.111880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       841852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        841852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       696646                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696646                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1932                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1932                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1538498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1538498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1538498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1538498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        18323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18323                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        18323                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2168206662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2168206662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7331622                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7331622                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2175538284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2175538284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2175538284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2175538284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       860084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       860084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       696737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1932                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1932                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1556821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1556821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1556821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1556821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118923.138548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118923.138548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 80567.274725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80567.274725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118732.646619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118732.646619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118732.646619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118732.646619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          896                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             896                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        11111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        11187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        11187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    756555251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    756555251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       977920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       977920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    757533171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    757533171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    757533171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    757533171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106242.838225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106242.838225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 65194.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65194.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106156.554232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106156.554232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106156.554232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106156.554232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              485.760924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1004328632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2045475.828921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    30.760924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.049296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.778463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1229192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1229192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1229192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1229192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1229192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8340251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8340251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8340251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8340251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8340251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8340251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1229244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1229244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1229244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160389.442308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160389.442308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160389.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160389.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160389.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160389.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6111643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6111643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6111643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6111643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6111643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6111643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169767.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169767.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169767.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169767.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169767.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169767.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              148942842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 3986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             37366.493226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   219.367440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    36.632560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.856904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.143096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       977234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        977234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       725824                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       725824                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1763                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1763                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1703058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1703058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1703058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1703058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           58                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           58                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         9563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9563                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         9563                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1009961348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1009961348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4247105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4247105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1014208453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1014208453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1014208453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1014208453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       986739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       986739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       725882                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       725882                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1763                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1763                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1712621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1712621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1712621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1712621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106255.796739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106255.796739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 73225.948276                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73225.948276                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106055.469309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106055.469309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106055.469309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106055.469309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5833                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5833                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    361686520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    361686520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       819240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       819240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    362505760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    362505760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    362505760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    362505760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97279.860140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97279.860140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        68270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        68270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97186.530831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97186.530831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97186.530831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97186.530831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              575.679273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1032146972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1776500.812392                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    34.171639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.507634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.054762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.922563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1190207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1190207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1190207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1190207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1190207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7678099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7678099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7678099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7678099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7678099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7678099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1190255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1190255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1190255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1190255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1190255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159960.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159960.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159960.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159960.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159960.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159960.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6091379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6091379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6091379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6091379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6091379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6091379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160299.447368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160299.447368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160299.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160299.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160299.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160299.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 8051                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              406953111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 8307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             48989.179126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   110.997135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   145.002865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.433583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.566417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3110310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3110310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1702659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1702659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          832                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          832                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4812969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        4812969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4812969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       4812969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        28591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28591                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        28591                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3338572120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3338572120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2750000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2750000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3341322120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3341322120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3341322120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3341322120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3138873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3138873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1702687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1702687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          832                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4841560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4841560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4841560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4841560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116884.505129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116884.505129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98214.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98214.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116866.220839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116866.220839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116866.220839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116866.220839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    869890661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    869890661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       752166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       752166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    870642827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    870642827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    870642827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    870642827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108168.448272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108168.448272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        83574                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        83574                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108140.954788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108140.954788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108140.954788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108140.954788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              509.965453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1002526039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1939121.932302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    27.965453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.044816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1201888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1201888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1201888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1201888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1201888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1201888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7216996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7216996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7216996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7216996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7216996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7216996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1201933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1201933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1201933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1201933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1201933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1201933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160377.688889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160377.688889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160377.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160377.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160377.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160377.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5738895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5738895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5738895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5738895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5738895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5738895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163968.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163968.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163968.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163968.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163968.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163968.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5616                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              158554800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5872                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             27001.839237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   227.386248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    28.613752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.888228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.111772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       848169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        848169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       715225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       715225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1722                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1722                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1644                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1644                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1563394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1563394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1563394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1563394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          487                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          487                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        19791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        19791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2423299817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2423299817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     60502364                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     60502364                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2483802181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2483802181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2483802181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2483802181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       867473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       867473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       715712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       715712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1722                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1722                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1644                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1644                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1583185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1583185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1583185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1583185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.022253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000680                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000680                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 125533.558692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125533.558692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124234.833676                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124234.833676                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 125501.600778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125501.600778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 125501.600778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125501.600778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    565088921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    565088921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1487212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1487212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    566576133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    566576133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    566576133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    566576133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100944.787603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100944.787603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 82622.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82622.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100886.063568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100886.063568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100886.063568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100886.063568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              485.942105                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1004329424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2045477.441955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    30.942105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.049587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.778753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1229984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1229984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1229984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1229984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1229984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7504907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7504907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7504907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7504907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7504907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7504907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1230030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1230030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1230030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1230030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1230030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1230030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163150.152174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163150.152174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163150.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163150.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163150.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163150.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5931447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5931447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5931447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5931447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5931447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5931447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164762.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164762.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164762.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164762.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164762.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164762.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3734                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148944083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 3990                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             37329.344110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   219.366865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    36.633135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.856902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.143098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       978053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        978053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       726273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1704326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1704326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1704326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1704326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         9585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         9585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    992705964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    992705964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6623810                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6623810                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    999329774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    999329774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    999329774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    999329774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       987554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       726357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1713911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1713911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1713911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1713911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104484.366277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104484.366277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 78854.880952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78854.880952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104259.757329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104259.757329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104259.757329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104259.757329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    356189854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    356189854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1186141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1186141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    357375995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    357375995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    357375995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    357375995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95775.706910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95775.706910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 79076.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79076.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95708.622121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95708.622121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95708.622121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95708.622121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
