
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010674                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10674041157                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               535501634694                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 397948                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   509818                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 267680                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67619596                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 39876.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15868589971                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20329549615                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       370816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       391296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       393728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       272640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       247168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       395264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       148992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       251648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       148736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       276736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       388480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       147456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       179712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       271616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       392704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       274816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4622080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1124480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1124480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         2897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3076                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         3088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 36110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8785                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8785                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       443693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     34739982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       431702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     36658656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       431702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     36886498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       347760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     25542341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       395726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     23155991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       431702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     37030399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       419710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13958350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       431702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     23575701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       407718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13934366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       371743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     25926076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       407718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     36394838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       419710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13814449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       455685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     16836360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       395726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     25446407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       419710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     36790565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       371743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     25746200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               433020628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       443693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       431702                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       431702                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       347760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       395726                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       431702                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       419710                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       431702                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       407718                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       371743                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       407718                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       419710                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       455685                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       395726                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       419710                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       371743                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6583448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         105347167                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              105347167                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         105347167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       443693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     34739982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       431702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     36658656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       431702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     36886498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       347760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     25542341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       395726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     23155991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       431702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     37030399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       419710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13958350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       431702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     23575701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       407718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13934366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       371743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     25926076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       407718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     36394838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       419710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13814449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       455685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     16836360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       395726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     25446407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       419710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     36790565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       371743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     25746200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              538367795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25597222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2078068                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699486                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205276                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       853065                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817407                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213024                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9086                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20175993                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11797129                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2078068                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1030431                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2470172                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        597290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       357334                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1242683                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206741                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23391039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20920867     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133419      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         211365      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         336019      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139398      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         154868      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         166859      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         109428      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1218816      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23391039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081183                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460875                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19989376                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       545708                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2462341                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6346                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       387265                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340569                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14402790                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1612                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       387265                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20020398                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        174522                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       282134                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2438212                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        88503                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14393957                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24734                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        33832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3456                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19983488                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66954137                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66954137                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023991                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2959495                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3605                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1957                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          270070                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1371802                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       737071                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22304                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       169278                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14373605                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3614                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13591296                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16927                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1846884                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4124304                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          297                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23391039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17661566     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2299408      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1255019      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       860047      3.68%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802303      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229365      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179949      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61078      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42304      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23391039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3215     12.61%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9805     38.46%     51.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12474     48.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11385612     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215029      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256202      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732807      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13591296                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.530968                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25494                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001876                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50616052                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16224255                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13370146                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13616790                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40264                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248245                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22856                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          869                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       387265                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        118813                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12377                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14377250                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          753                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1371802                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737071                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1958                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9197                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119386                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117352                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       236738                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13396004                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1181110                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  31                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1913597                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1883829                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732487                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523338                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13370368                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13370146                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7817429                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20423637                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522328                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382764                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257192                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2120082                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3317                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       209367                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23003774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386121                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18026254     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2411308     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938792      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505345      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378103      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211343      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130631      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116632      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285366      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23003774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837772                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123557                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044454                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       285366                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37095617                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29141844                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                327810                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2206183                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257192                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.559722                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.559722                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.390667                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.390667                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60406289                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18535179                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13433659                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3312                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25597222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1998053                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1802302                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106616                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       754519                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         712437                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109953                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4673                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21149518                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12565907                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1998053                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       822390                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2485028                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        335651                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       472872                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1215883                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106897                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     24333834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21848806     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          89095      0.37%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         182172      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          75556      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         411950      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         367459      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          70556      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         148427      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1139813      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     24333834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.078057                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.490909                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       21032335                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       591693                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2475817                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         7824                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       226162                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       175794                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          254                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14736202                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1549                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       226162                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       21053812                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        415117                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       110318                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2463589                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        64833                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14727216                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        27704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        23570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          346                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     17297925                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     69361592                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     69361592                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15311446                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        1986463                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1762                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          918                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          166491                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      3472299                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      1754633                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16299                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        85539                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14696058                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1769                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14116712                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7822                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1156319                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2786957                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           65                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24333834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19321441     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1497526      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233680      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       531943      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       675694      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       654398      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       371336      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29313      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18503      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24333834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35982     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       278751     86.35%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8095      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8858996     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123383      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3383240     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1750249     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14116712                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.551494                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            322828                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52897908                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15854528                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13994342                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14439540                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25539                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       138645                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           69                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          386                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11666                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1250                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       226162                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        378765                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18202                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14697840                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3472299                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1754633                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          918                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12359                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          386                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61174                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63462                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       124636                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14017176                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3371483                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99536                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            5121530                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1836292                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          1750047                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.547605                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13994902                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13994342                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7559834                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14903092                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.546713                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507266                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11362719                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13353141                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1346203                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1704                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       108710                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24107672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19267679     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1764415      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828988      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       818934      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       223212      0.93%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       953267      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71384      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51883      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127910      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24107672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11362719                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13353141                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              5076613                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             3333651                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1763214                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11874349                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       129354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       127910                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           38679067                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          29624905                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                465505                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1263388                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11362719                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13353141                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11362719                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.252737                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.252737                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.443904                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.443904                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       69286699                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16255332                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      17535948                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1702                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25597222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1997962                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1802031                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106524                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       763342                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         711450                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         110032                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4662                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21150389                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12567319                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1997962                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       821482                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2484238                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        336164                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       466042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1215873                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106880                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     24327662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21843424     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          88826      0.37%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         181376      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          75290      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         411852      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         367183      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          70937      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         148894      0.61%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1139880      4.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     24327662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.078054                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.490964                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       21032547                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       585483                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2475139                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         7742                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       226748                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       176021                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14738201                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1468                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       226748                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       21054372                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        408028                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       110410                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2462418                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        65683                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14729084                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        27350                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        24201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          492                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     17300808                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     69370217                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     69370217                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     15309280                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        1991520                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1726                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          881                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          169105                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3472020                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1754378                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16552                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        85918                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14698010                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1732                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        14117764                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7897                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1157655                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2792348                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           29                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24327662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.378002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19315508     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1496927      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233962      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       531518      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676188      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       654137      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       371636      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29182      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18604      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24327662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35855     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       278675     86.38%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8085      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8860415     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123472      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3383058     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1749975     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     14117764                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.551535                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            322615                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022852                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52893702                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15857793                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13995413                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14440379                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25679                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       139153                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          399                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1250                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       226748                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        371618                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18137                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14699761                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          170                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3472020                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1754378                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          882                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12361                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          399                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60915                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63578                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       124493                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14018327                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3371183                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99437                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            5120973                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1836168                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1749790                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.547650                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13995989                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13995413                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7560149                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        14902293                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.546755                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507314                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11360746                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13350936                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1350130                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1703                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       108645                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24100914                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19261159     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1765117      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828894      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       818657      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       222906      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       952765      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71399      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51919      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       128098      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24100914                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11360746                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13350936                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              5075454                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             3332864                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1762895                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11872457                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       129352                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       128098                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           38673843                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          29628925                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                465545                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1269560                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11360746                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13350936                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11360746                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.253129                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.253129                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.443827                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.443827                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       69290797                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      16258010                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      17536749                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25597222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1935047                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732211                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156296                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1309442                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1277934                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112927                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4594                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20534428                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11001243                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1935047                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1390861                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2451878                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        516098                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       307377                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1244373                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153092                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23652664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21200786     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         377383      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         185222      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         374314      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         115516      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         348158      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          53876      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          86582      0.37%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         910827      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23652664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.075596                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.429783                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20335925                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       510939                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2446828                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1988                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       356980                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       178007                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         1977                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12266987                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         4717                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       356980                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20358716                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        304295                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       135556                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2424369                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        72744                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12247796                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         9462                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        56171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     16007894                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     55451856                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     55451856                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     12912005                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3095881                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1616                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          830                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          166701                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      2248762                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       349485                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3234                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        78596                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12184108                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1624                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        11389091                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7737                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2253025                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4626785                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           31                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23652664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18660816     78.90%     78.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1552014      6.56%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1693248      7.16%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       972634      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       497443      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125288      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144911      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3479      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2831      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23652664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18720     57.08%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7788     23.75%     80.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6288     19.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8905958     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86814      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049476     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346055      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     11389091                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.444935                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32796                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002880                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46471379                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14438792                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11095005                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     11421887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9022                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       469862                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       356980                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        219137                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8806                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12185747                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1036                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2248762                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349485                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          828                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4027                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          225                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105382                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60022                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       165404                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11246437                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020396                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142654                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2366397                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1712048                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           346001                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.439362                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             11098021                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            11095005                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6719699                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        14497715                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.433446                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.463501                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8833969                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      9915549                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2270703                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1593                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       155139                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23295684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19618935     84.22%     84.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1433331      6.15%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930470      3.99%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292728      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491261      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93571      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59578      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53753      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322057      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23295684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      8833969                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      9915549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2119218                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1778897                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1523855                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         8656687                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       121177                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       322057                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           35159840                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          24729771                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                465342                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1944558                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           8833969                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             9915549                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      8833969                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.897590                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.897590                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.345114                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.345114                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       52329495                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      14420781                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13083016                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1592                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25597222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2084775                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1710230                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206394                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       861296                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         812686                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213084                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9181                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19910102                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11844201                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2084775                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1025770                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2604285                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        584704                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       647191                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1227948                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204737                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23536651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20932366     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         280634      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         326431      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         179064      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         208367      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         114060      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          77313      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         201233      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1217183      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23536651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081445                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.462714                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19750724                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       810084                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2583066                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        19862                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       372913                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       337491                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2154                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14457378                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        11140                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       372913                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19781574                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        271920                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       451505                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2573266                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        85471                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14447523                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        21611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        40206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     20080648                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     67269431                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     67269431                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17133401                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2947236                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3745                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2076                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          233066                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1381298                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       749917                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19865                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       165099                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14423689                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3753                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13624564                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18430                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1805737                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4193550                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          391                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23536651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17795007     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2309707      9.81%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1240483      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859690      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       751216      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383267      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92122      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60382      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44777      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23536651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3479     11.76%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12739     43.08%     54.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13354     45.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11406368     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212887      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1668      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1259036      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       744605      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13624564                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.532267                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29572                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002170                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50833781                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16233311                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13398762                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13654136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34520                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245833                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           77                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15232                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       372913                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        224134                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13916                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14427460                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1381298                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       749917                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2074                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9871                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118828                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116324                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       235152                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13423322                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182953                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1927318                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1878850                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           744365                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.524405                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13399055                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13398762                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7965252                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20863390                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.523446                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381781                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10061671                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12344726                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2082891                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3362                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       207392                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23163738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18120231     78.23%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2339566     10.10%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       979212      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       588250      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       408625      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       263654      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137157      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110070      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216973      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23163738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10061671                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12344726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1870141                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1135456                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1678                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1766794                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11129291                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       251206                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       216973                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           37374317                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          29228177                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                306501                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2060571                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10061671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12344726                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10061671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.544033                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.544033                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393077                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393077                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       60553724                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18598817                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13492302                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25597222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1997506                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1801665                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106707                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       743915                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         710558                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         110180                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4687                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21148433                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12565453                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1997506                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       820738                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2483062                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        335960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       470471                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1215893                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       107059                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     24328617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606077                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21845555     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          87913      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         181522      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          75364      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         411285      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         367260      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          70939      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         149345      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1139434      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     24328617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.078036                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.490891                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       21029269                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       591237                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2473888                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         7815                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       226405                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       175956                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14735591                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1502                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       226405                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       21051748                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        413722                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       109231                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2460586                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        66922                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14727052                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        27524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        24917                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          120                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     17302149                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     69358253                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     69358253                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     15307967                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        1994139                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1719                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          875                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          173569                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      3470700                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      1754083                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16398                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        85235                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14695834                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1725                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14116569                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7751                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1156409                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2785794                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24328617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.378087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19318151     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1495808      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1232849      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       532116      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676211      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       653520      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       372153      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29119      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18690      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24328617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35770     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       278651     86.40%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8085      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8860086     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123427      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3382407     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1749805     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14116569                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.551488                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            322506                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022846                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52892008                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15854339                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13993945                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14439075                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25788                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       137957                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          376                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11574                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1248                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       226405                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        377562                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18171                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14697578                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          151                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3470700                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1754083                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          875                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12362                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          376                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61011                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63709                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       124720                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14016499                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3370563                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100066                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            5120181                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1836004                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          1749618                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.547579                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13994498                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13993945                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7559303                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        14899483                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.546698                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.507353                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11359886                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     13349878                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1349025                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1703                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       108802                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24102212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19263315     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1764203      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828555      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       819147      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       222727      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       953124      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71289      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51954      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127898      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24102212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     11359886                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     13349878                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              5075249                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             3332740                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1762755                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11871461                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       129318                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       127898                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           38673178                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          29624270                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                465358                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1268605                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          11359886                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            13349878                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     11359886                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.253299                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.253299                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.443794                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.443794                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       69281026                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16258900                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      17534437                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25597222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2320129                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1931860                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212730                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       882242                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         846499                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249330                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9865                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20183948                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12727894                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2320129                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1095829                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2651948                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        592618                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       659452                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1255116                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203397                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23873282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21221334     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         162239      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         204135      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         326794      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         136782      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         175879      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         204998      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          94139      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1346982      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23873282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090640                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.497237                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20065199                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       789822                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2639327                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1284                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       377649                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       352782                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          285                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     15555998                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       377649                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20086053                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         64394                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       668159                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2619737                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        57282                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     15459529                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         8172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        39904                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     21591861                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     71886092                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     71886092                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     18042047                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3549814                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3739                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1950                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          201627                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1448792                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       756361                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8441                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       169458                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         15092270                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3752                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14472986                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15334                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1846484                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3763458                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          144                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23873282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17743690     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2793942     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142954      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       640213      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       868933      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268010      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263242      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141121      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11177      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23873282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100126     79.07%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13553     10.70%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12948     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12192302     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197665      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1789      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1327387      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       753843      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14472986                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.565412                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126627                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008749                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52961215                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16942612                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14093835                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14599613                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10858                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       276074                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          108                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11062                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       377649                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         49082                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6077                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15096028                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11472                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1448792                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756361                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1950                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5301                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          108                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125470                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119745                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       245215                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14219421                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1304663                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       253565                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2058399                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2010273                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           753736                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.555506                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14093942                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14093835                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8443528                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        22683728                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.550600                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372228                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10496489                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12934211                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2161862                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3608                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       214330                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23495633                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18021621     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2774039     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007496      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501455      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458910      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193229      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190648      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90738      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257497      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23495633                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10496489                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12934211                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1918017                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1172718                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1874674                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11645137                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       267116                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       257497                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           38334131                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          30569805                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                308236                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1723940                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10496489                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12934211                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10496489                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.438646                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.438646                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.410064                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.410064                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       63978977                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      19695077                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14386715                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3604                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25597222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2084556                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1709186                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205873                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       860550                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813313                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213166                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9133                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19907893                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11849567                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2084556                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1026479                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2605402                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        584357                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       637324                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1227789                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204366                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23525875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20920473     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         281114      1.19%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         325266      1.38%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         179675      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         208587      0.89%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         113585      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          77683      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         202171      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1217321      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23525875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081437                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.462924                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19747796                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       800949                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2584557                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        19475                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       373096                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       338326                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2154                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14465573                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        11237                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       373096                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19778390                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        264330                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       450560                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2574641                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        84856                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14456317                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        21578                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        40014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     20089318                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     67315745                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     67315745                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17132403                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2956915                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3726                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2054                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          231419                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382712                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       751669                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19718                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       166510                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14431919                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3733                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13630611                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18780                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1816531                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4214589                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          371                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23525875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17781813     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2310725      9.82%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1241003      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859966      3.66%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       750419      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       385015      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91908      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60425      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44601      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23525875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3387     11.46%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12952     43.83%     55.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13212     44.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11409277     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213063      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1668      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1260644      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745959      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13630611                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.532504                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29551                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002168                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50835428                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16252322                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13402943                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13660162                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247320                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17021                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          833                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       373096                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        216077                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13902                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14435681                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4297                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382712                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       751669                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2054                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9827                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118823                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116005                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       234828                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13428298                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183577                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202313                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1929273                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1879133                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           745696                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.524600                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13403237                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13402943                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7968195                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20875200                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.523609                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381706                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10061100                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12344008                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2091833                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3362                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       206860                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23152779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18109660     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2339235     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       979875      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       587506      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       408483      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       263813      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137088      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109972      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217147      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23152779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10061100                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12344008                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1870040                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1135392                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1678                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1766684                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11128647                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       251190                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       217147                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37371408                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29244791                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                306383                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2071347                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10061100                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12344008                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10061100                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.544177                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.544177                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393054                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393054                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       60573597                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18602955                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13498857                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25597222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2319841                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1931934                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212968                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       881963                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         846702                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249373                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9830                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20183676                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12723614                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2319841                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1096075                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2651559                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        593752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       654303                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1255192                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203688                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23868365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21216806     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         162259      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         204438      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         326296      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         137214      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         175773      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         204771      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          94091      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1346717      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23868365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090629                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.497070                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20065015                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       784513                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2638979                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1311                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       378546                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       352429                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     15553035                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1624                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       378546                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20085793                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         64864                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       662517                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2619475                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        57162                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     15457053                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         8211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        39711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     21588075                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     71876010                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     71876010                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     18034184                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3553891                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3729                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1940                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          201643                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1449465                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       755864                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8338                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       170456                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         15090304                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3742                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        14468412                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14929                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1851146                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3776856                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          134                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23868365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17739425     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2794646     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142272      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641076      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       867467      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268022      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263327      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140986      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11144      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23868365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99814     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13647     10.80%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12931     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12188432     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197592      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1789      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1327211      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       753388      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     14468412                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.565234                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126392                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008736                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52946510                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16945292                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14089054                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     14594804                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10767                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277252                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          103                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10860                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       378546                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         49456                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6220                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15094052                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11658                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1449465                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       755864                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1940                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5441                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          103                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125853                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119742                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       245595                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14215148                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1304863                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       253264                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2058135                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2009462                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           753272                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.555339                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             14089148                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            14089054                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8441373                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        22679315                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.550413                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372206                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10491929                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12928574                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2165522                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3608                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       214572                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23489819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18017339     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2773695     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007383      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       500990      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458804      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192865      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190741      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90860      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257142      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23489819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10491929                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12928574                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1917217                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1172213                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1873833                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11640078                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       266997                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       257142                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           38326695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          30566752                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                308686                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1728857                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10491929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12928574                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10491929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.439706                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.439706                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.409885                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.409885                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       63959526                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      19689144                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      14381772                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3604                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25597222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1935237                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732023                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156337                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1310737                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1277082                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113003                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4619                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20531438                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11000791                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1935237                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1390085                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2451347                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        516464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       303424                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1244184                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153134                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23645514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21194167     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         377727      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         185204      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         373643      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         115087      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         347735      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          53546      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          86904      0.37%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         911501      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23645514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075603                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.429765                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20331184                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       508744                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2446293                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1984                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       357305                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       178374                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1975                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     12267100                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         4729                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       357305                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20354206                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        303837                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       133496                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2423741                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        72925                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     12247691                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         9388                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        56485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     16006499                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     55449474                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     55449474                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     12908146                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3098323                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1598                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          812                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          167323                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2248652                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       349404                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3116                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        78542                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12183004                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1604                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        11386173                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7705                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2254516                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4632858                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23645514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481536                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18655463     78.90%     78.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1551609      6.56%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1691745      7.15%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       972090      4.11%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498244      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125503      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144524      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3519      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2817      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23645514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18700     57.09%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7759     23.69%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6294     19.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8904116     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86843      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          787      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2048522     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345905      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     11386173                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.444821                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32753                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46458315                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14439157                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11092101                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     11418926                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8960                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       470344                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           19                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       357305                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        218162                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8911                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12184623                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          405                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2248652                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349404                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          811                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4084                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          228                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105031                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60238                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       165269                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11242995                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2019371                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       143175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2365226                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1711777                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           345855                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.439227                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             11095178                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            11092101                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6718256                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        14493626                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.433332                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.463532                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8831178                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      9912601                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2272532                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1588                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       155182                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23288209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19612699     84.22%     84.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1432717      6.15%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       929980      3.99%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292759      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491317      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93499      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59672      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53676      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321890      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23288209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      8831178                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      9912601                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2118539                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1778299                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1523440                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         8654120                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       121161                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       321890                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           35151413                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          24727872                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                465400                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1951708                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           8831178                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             9912601                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      8831178                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.898506                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.898506                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.345005                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.345005                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       52312672                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      14416940                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13081938                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1586                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25597222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2077119                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1698697                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204670                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       851734                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816607                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212977                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9066                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20156030                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11789140                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2077119                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1029584                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2468387                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        596133                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       353469                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1241125                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206139                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23364877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616494                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20896490     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         133312      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         211060      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         335983      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         139193      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         154655      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         166635      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         109319      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1218230      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23364877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081146                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.460563                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19969463                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       541796                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2460566                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         6337                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       386712                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       340382                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14393081                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1631                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       386712                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20000560                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        173588                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       278070                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2436387                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        89555                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14384581                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents         2293                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        24878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        33739                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4413                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     19968935                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     66909828                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     66909828                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     17015123                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2953812                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3613                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1965                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          270248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1371431                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       736505                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22239                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       169119                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14364645                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3624                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13582449                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17187                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1844793                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4123548                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          307                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23364877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17639665     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2296904      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1255011      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858789      3.68%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       801876      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229215      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180614      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60531      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42272      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23364877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3213     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9820     38.59%     51.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12413     48.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11378031     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214947      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1645      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1255514      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732312      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13582449                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530622                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25446                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50572408                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16213210                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13361728                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13607895                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40465                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248447                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22660                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          864                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       386712                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        117810                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12070                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14368293                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1371431                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       736505                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1968                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8901                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118962                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117109                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       236071                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13387832                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1180556                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194617                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1912562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1882901                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           732006                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.523019                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13361949                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13361728                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7811938                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        20411695                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.521999                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382719                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9994839                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12250811                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2117540                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3317                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       208753                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22978165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386530                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18003532     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2409601     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938272      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505618      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377732      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211043      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130364      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116539      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285464      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22978165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9994839                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12250811                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1836829                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1122984                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1758690                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11038724                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       248864                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       285464                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           37060987                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          29123449                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                327327                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2232345                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9994839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12250811                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9994839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.561044                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.561044                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.390466                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.390466                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       60369454                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      18522411                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13424571                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3312                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25597222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2320664                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1932530                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212787                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       878808                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         845949                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249219                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9801                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20183181                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12730584                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2320664                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1095168                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2651984                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        593511                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       657925                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1255109                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203399                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23871858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21219874     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         162096      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         203976      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         326461      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         136818      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         175325      0.73%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         204973      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          94298      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1348037      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23871858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090661                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.497342                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20064325                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       788464                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2639287                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1295                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       378486                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       352677                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          282                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     15560918                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       378486                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20085334                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         64457                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       666663                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2619558                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        57352                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     15463802                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         8196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        39921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     21597831                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     71905076                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     71905076                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     18037928                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3559866                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3722                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1933                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          202297                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1450277                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       756405                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8379                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       169156                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         15095312                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3735                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14471023                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15343                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1850817                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3786335                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          127                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23871858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17743093     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2793500     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141934      4.78%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641456      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       868463      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268687      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262300      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141200      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11225      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23871858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100052     78.99%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13662     10.79%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12948     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12190783     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197641      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1789      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1326956      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       753854      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14471023                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.565336                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126662                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008753                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52955907                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16949970                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14092175                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14597685                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10714                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277840                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          108                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11277                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       378486                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         49210                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6170                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15099052                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11427                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1450277                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756405                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1933                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5378                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          108                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125336                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120036                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       245372                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14217934                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1304644                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       253087                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2058395                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2009799                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           753751                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.555448                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14092271                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14092175                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8442481                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        22682175                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.550535                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372208                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10494070                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12931195                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2167915                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3608                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       214390                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23493372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18021057     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2773166     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007225      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501008      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458896      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193008      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190609      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90947      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257456      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23493372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10494070                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12931195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1917565                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1172437                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1874236                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11642402                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       267043                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       257456                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           38334948                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          30576734                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                308433                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1725364                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10494070                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12931195                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10494070                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.439208                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.439208                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.409969                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.409969                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       63971787                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      19694214                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      14389279                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3604                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25597222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2111733                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1728514                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       209111                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       890428                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830209                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217839                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9403                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20359930                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11800911                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2111733                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1048048                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2464268                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        569552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       456674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1247316                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       209054                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23638629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21174361     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         114988      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         183321      0.78%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         246784      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         253925      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         215147      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         119825      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         178219      0.75%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1152059      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23638629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082499                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461023                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20155382                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       663228                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2459794                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2725                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       357497                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       346718                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14483329                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1520                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       357497                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20210864                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        137547                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       399882                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2407753                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       125083                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14477333                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        16410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        54882                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     20206032                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     67343144                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     67343144                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17508882                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2697115                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3596                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1875                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          378136                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1358303                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       733017                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8438                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       220010                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14458617                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3608                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13732862                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2054                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1597058                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3815831                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          138                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23638629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17790977     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2434674     10.30%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1225390      5.18%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       897098      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       709461      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       289277      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       183318      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95495      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12939      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23638629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2514     10.94%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8392     36.51%     47.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12077     52.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11551332     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204358      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1721      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1244925      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       730526      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13732862                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.536498                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22983                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51129388                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16059341                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13523300                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13755845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28022                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       221028                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9528                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       357497                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        110470                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11966                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14462242                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1358303                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       733017                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1875                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10099                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       121310                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117518                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       238828                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13540367                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1171141                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1901611                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1924124                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           730470                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.528978                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13523427                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13523300                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7764920                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20924788                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.528311                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371087                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10206386                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12558851                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1903380                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3470                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       211492                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23281132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18097870     77.74%     77.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2584366     11.10%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       961892      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       459430      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406305      1.75%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223156      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       182662      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88169      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       277282      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23281132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10206386                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12558851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1860761                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1137272                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1732                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1810946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11315488                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       258672                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       277282                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37466016                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29282000                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                310758                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1958593                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10206386                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12558851                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10206386                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.507961                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.507961                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.398730                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.398730                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       60943143                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18841969                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13422749                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3466                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25597222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1934604                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1731741                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156453                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1310138                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1277524                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113135                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4605                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20537868                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11000483                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1934604                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1390659                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2451976                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        516169                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       304206                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1244568                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153227                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23652941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758421                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21200965     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         377212      1.59%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         185561      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         374051      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         115720      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         348217      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          53804      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          86122      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         911289      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23652941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075579                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.429753                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20343458                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       503650                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2446927                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2014                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       356888                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       177900                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         1979                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     12267948                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         4753                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       356888                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       20365939                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        300686                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       133431                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2424702                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        71291                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     12248521                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         9397                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        54770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     16008568                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     55458151                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     55458151                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     12916547                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3092009                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1601                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          814                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          165134                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      2248841                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       349675                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3065                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        78582                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         12184631                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1607                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        11390490                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7519                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2249700                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4625064                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23652941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18660194     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1552638      6.56%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1693142      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       972844      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       497726      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125365      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144728      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3493      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2811      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23652941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18602     56.93%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7775     23.80%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6296     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8906841     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86858      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049860     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346143      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     11390490                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.444989                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32673                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46474110                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14435973                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11095925                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     11423163                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8550                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       469657                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9193                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       356888                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        218101                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8675                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12186248                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1030                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2248841                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349675                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          813                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          226                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105479                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59945                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       165424                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11247364                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020279                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       143123                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2366365                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1711954                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           346086                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.439398                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             11099111                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            11095925                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6720807                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        14505372                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.433482                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.463332                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8836558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      9918738                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2268023                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1591                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       155297                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23296053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19617608     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1434471      6.16%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930652      3.99%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292741      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491313      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93755      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59743      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53905      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321865      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23296053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      8836558                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      9918738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2119663                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1779181                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1524335                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         8659526                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       121235                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       321865                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           35160910                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          24730699                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                465185                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1944281                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           8836558                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             9918738                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      8836558                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.896741                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.896741                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.345216                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.345216                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       52334017                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      14422884                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13082143                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25597129                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2076144                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1697640                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204656                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852007                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816370                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213026                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20151763                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11787557                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2076144                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1029396                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2467812                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        595719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       355725                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1240814                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205919                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23361921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20894109     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         133327      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         210631      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         335728      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         139409      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         155107      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         166567      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         109109      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1217934      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23361921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081108                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460503                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19966239                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       543119                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2459765                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         6455                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       386340                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       340363                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          283                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14389872                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1658                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       386340                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19997150                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        176872                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       276059                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2435920                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        89575                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14380318                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2626                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        25001                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        33493                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4993                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19963672                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     66894361                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     66894361                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17007863                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2955690                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3698                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2050                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          268868                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1370538                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       737066                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22213                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       168887                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14360286                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3709                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13577354                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17109                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1844888                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4127194                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          390                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23361921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17638027     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2296884      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1254308      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859073      3.68%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       801508      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229237      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180043      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60568      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42273      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23361921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3199     12.60%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9737     38.34%     50.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12460     49.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11373546     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214836      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1645      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1255086      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732241      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13577354                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530425                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25396                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50559134                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16209029                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13357140                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13602750                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40232                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248009                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           35                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          151                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23494                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          888                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       386340                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        121092                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12275                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14364013                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          691                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1370538                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737066                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2051                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9030                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          151                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118727                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117289                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       236016                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13383114                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1180744                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194240                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1912561                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1882595                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           731817                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.522837                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13357385                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13357140                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7809945                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20402006                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.521822                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382803                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9990686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12245652                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2118323                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       208711                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22975581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18001404     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2409984     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938102      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505538      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377621      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211258      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130363      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116590      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       284721      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22975581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9990686                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12245652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1836079                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1122513                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1757926                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11034102                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       248759                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       284721                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37054770                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29114413                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                327283                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2235208                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9990686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12245652                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9990686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.562099                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.562099                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390305                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390305                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60348912                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18515297                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13423250                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25597222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1934761                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1731968                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156366                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1309129                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1277697                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113165                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4651                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20535292                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10999214                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1934761                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1390862                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2452095                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        515875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       308003                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1244356                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153187                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23654075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758172                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21201980     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         377738      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         185126      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         374213      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         115747      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         348450      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          53841      0.23%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          86096      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         910884      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23654075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075585                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.429703                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20336703                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       511669                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2447052                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1960                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       356687                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       177884                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         1973                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12266149                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         4699                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       356687                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20359577                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        305533                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       135429                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2424673                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        72172                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12247009                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         9407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        55686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     16007403                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     55449670                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     55449670                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     12914242                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3093148                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1606                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          819                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          165538                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      2247986                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       349565                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3084                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        78545                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         12183244                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1614                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        11389978                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7414                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2250607                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4617036                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23654075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18662234     78.90%     78.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1551707      6.56%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1693133      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       972782      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       497664      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125444      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144832      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3441      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2838      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23654075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18563     56.94%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7745     23.76%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6295     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8907375     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86828      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2048903     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346084      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     11389978                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.444969                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32603                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46474048                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14435507                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11095976                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     11422581                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9054                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       468928                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9157                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       356687                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        220441                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8838                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12184871                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1011                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2247986                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349565                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          818                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4068                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          216                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105332                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60068                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       165400                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11247137                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2019955                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142841                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2365996                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1712299                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           346041                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.439389                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             11099071                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            11095976                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6720818                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        14502327                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.433484                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.463430                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8835245                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      9917136                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2268229                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1593                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       155211                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23297388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19620518     84.22%     84.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1433479      6.15%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930332      3.99%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292541      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491282      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93576      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59611      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53696      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322353      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23297388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      8835245                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      9917136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2119463                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1779055                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1524090                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         8658103                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       121205                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       322353                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           35160361                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          24727713                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                464996                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1943147                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           8835245                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             9917136                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      8835245                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.897172                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.897172                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.345164                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.345164                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       52332626                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      14423053                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13080813                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1592                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          36125                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.999244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1348862                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          68883                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          19.581929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           258.309144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.688122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1150.225459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.007852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1278.681212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    20.810705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1295.744636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    18.514275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   909.465821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    18.420721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   799.998482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.035562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1313.832393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    20.687563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   484.561004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    20.588841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   799.181919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    22.583811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   482.872378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    19.889662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   915.172835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    20.269121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1180.938532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.097968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   488.676048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.846709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   594.850346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    18.981266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   897.765690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    21.732013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1198.532284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.649807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   912.482274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1342.503330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1320.675170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1317.496150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1117.650626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1125.028225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1286.142170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           712.623600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1082.049469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           733.247871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1117.240841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1232.386715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           726.031131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           865.179563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1141.123448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1221.325464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1127.201020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.035102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.039022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.039543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.027755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.024414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.040095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.014788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.024389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.014736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.027929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.036039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.014913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.018153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.027398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.036576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.027847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.040970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.040304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.040207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.034108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.034333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.039250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.021748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.033022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.022377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.034095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.037609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.022157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.026403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.034824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.037272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.034399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   59843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16841                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16841                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   198                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    60041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4428                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5067                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5062                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3562                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5032                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2563                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3539                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2591                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3578                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4285                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2587                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2611                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3624                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4271                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3604                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   60041                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 36100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  36111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2897                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3057                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3076                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1931                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3088                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1162                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2162                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3035                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1152                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2122                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3069                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 36111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5533399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    436354203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5526216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    465751094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5442390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    466254970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4523755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    320126300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4930625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    291043197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5354556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    468709455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5247174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    176220234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5481379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    296297527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5110167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    174764354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4857335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    325176443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5085391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    458049056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5266349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    175126412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5663172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    211375950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5138481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    319674184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5237910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    463749731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4870547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    322163605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5454105561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       138324                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       274478                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       272128                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       147729                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       443932                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       293717                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1570308                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5533399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    436492527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5526216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    465751094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5442390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    466529448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4523755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    320126300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4930625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    291315325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5354556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    468857184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5247174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    176220234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5481379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    296741459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5110167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    174764354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4857335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    325176443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5085391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    458049056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5266349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    175126412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5663172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    211375950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5138481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    319674184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5237910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    463749731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4870547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    322457322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5455675869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5533399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    436492527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5526216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    465751094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5442390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    466529448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4523755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    320126300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4930625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    291315325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5354556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    468857184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5247174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    176220234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5481379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    296741459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5110167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    174764354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4857335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    325176443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5085391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    458049056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5266349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    175126412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5663172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    211375950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5138481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    319674184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5237910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    463749731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4870547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    322457322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5455675869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               95943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16841                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16841                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                96152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               96152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.396170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.378152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.371209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.313662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.357755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.311111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.377247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.415469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.309511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.369880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.373563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.376265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.395495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.377980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.370628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.351538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.312316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.357130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.309619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.376655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.414617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.308104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.369300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.373326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.375562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.395495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.377980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.370628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.351538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.312316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.357130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.309619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.376655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.414617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.308104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.369300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.373326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.375562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149551.324324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150674.793854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       153506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152355.608113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151177.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151676.958360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155991.551724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150294.037559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149412.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150877.758942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148737.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151833.318756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149919.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151391.953608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152260.527778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150941.175242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150299.029412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150399.616179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156688.225806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150405.385291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149570.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150922.258979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150467.114286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152019.454861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149030.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150552.670940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155711.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150647.589067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149654.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151107.765070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157114.419355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150192.822844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151083.256537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       138324                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       137239                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       136064                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       147729                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 147977.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 146858.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 142755.272727                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149551.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150670.530549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       153506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152355.608113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151177.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151667.570871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155991.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150294.037559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149412.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150862.415847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148737.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151831.989637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149919.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151391.953608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152260.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150936.652594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150299.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150399.616179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156688.225806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150405.385291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149570.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150922.258979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150467.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152019.454861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149030.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150552.670940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155711.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150647.589067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149654.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151107.765070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157114.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150189.716814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151080.719698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149551.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150670.530549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       153506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152355.608113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151177.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151667.570871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155991.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150294.037559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149412.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150862.415847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148737.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151831.989637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149919.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151391.953608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152260.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150936.652594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150299.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150399.616179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156688.225806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150405.385291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149570.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150922.258979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150467.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152019.454861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149030.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150552.670940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155711.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150647.589067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149654.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151107.765070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157114.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150189.716814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151080.719698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8785                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8785                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            36100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             36111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            36111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3378708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    267723134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3433179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    287840649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3347692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    287327792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2840264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    196067498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3011416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    178691443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3257079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    289061573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3213816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    108448145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3382514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    181968813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3132501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107107166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3057268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    199257263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3108212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    281355233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3228574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    108058790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3451211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    129606246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3217519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    196056174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3201303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    285139992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3068412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    197225077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3352264656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        80524                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       157942                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       155959                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        89279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       269414                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       177340                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       930458                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3378708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    267803658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3433179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    287840649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3347692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    287485734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2840264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    196067498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3011416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    178847402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3257079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    289150852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3213816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    108448145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3382514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    182238227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3132501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107107166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3057268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    199257263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3108212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    281355233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3228574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    108058790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3451211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    129606246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3217519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    196056174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3201303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    285139992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3068412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    197402417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3353195114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3378708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    267803658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3433179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    287840649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3347692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    287485734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2840264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    196067498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3011416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    178847402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3257079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    289150852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3213816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    108448145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3382514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    182238227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3132501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107107166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3057268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    199257263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3108212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    281355233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3228574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    108058790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3451211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    129606246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3217519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    196056174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3201303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    285139992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3068412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    197402417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3353195114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.396170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.378152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.371209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.313662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.357755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.311111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.377247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.415469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.309511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.369880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.373563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.376265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.395495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.377980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.370628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.351538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.312316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.357130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.309619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.376655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.414617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.308104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.369300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.373326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.375562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.395495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.377980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.370628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.351538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.312316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.357130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.309619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.376655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.414617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.308104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.369300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.373326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.375562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91316.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92445.833564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95366.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94157.883219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92991.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93470.329213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97940.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92050.468545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 91255.030303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92634.236910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90474.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93638.345643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91823.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93168.509450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93958.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92699.344371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92132.382353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92174.841652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98621.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92163.396392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst        91418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92703.536409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92244.971429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93801.032986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 90821.342105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92312.141026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97500.575758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92392.164939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91465.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92909.739980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98981.032258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91946.422844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92860.516787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        80524                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        78971                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 77979.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        89279                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89804.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        88670                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84587.090909                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91316.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92441.718329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95366.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94157.883219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92991.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93460.901821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97940.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92050.468545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 91255.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92619.058519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90474.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93636.933938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91823.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93168.509450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93958.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92694.927263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92132.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92174.841652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98621.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92163.396392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst        91418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92703.536409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92244.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93801.032986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 90821.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92312.141026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97500.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92392.164939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91465.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92909.739980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98981.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91943.370750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92857.996566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91316.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92441.718329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95366.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94157.883219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92991.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93460.901821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97940.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92050.468545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 91255.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92619.058519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90474.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93636.933938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91823.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93168.509450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93958.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92694.927263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92132.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92174.841652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98621.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92163.396392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst        91418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92703.536409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92244.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93801.032986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 90821.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92312.141026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97500.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92392.164939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91465.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92909.739980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98981.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91943.370750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92857.996566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              522.770209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001250684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1896308.113636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    33.149654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   489.620555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.053124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.784648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.837773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1242635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1242635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7612029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7612029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7612029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7612029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7612029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7612029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158583.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158583.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158583.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158583.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158583.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158583.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6259335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6259335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6259335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6259335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6259335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6259335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164719.342105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164719.342105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164719.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164719.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164719.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164719.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7325                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166551666                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21969.616937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   228.248623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    27.751377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.891596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.108404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       859815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710782                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710782                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1656                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1656                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1570597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1570597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        18787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        18787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2185416612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2185416612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8009188                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8009188                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2193425800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2193425800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2193425800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2193425800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1656                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116860.949254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116860.949254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93130.093023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93130.093023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116752.318092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116752.318092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116752.318092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116752.318092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11462                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11462                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    764912184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    764912184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1123130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1123130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    766035314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    766035314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    766035314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    766035314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104639.149658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104639.149658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 74875.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74875.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104578.199863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104578.199863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104578.199863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104578.199863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              571.894917                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1026157165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1769236.491379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.097632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.797285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.048233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.868265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1215839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1215839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1215839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1215839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1215839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1215839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7580830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7580830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7580830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7580830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7580830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7580830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1215883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1215883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1215883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1215883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1215883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1215883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172291.590909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172291.590909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172291.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172291.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172291.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172291.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6333762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6333762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6333762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6333762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6333762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6333762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 171182.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171182.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 171182.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171182.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 171182.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171182.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 8124                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              404462776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 8380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             48265.247733                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.071261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.928739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.433872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.566128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3181778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3181778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1741201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1741201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4922979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        4922979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4922979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       4922979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        28681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        28681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3280792240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3280792240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2519382                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2519382                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3283311622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3283311622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3283311622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3283311622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3210429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3210429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1741231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1741231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4951660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4951660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4951660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4951660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114508.821333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114508.821333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 83979.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83979.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114476.887905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114476.887905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114476.887905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114476.887905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1522                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1522                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20557                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20557                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    854588028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    854588028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       663394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       663394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    855251422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    855251422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    855251422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    855251422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105309.676895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105309.676895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 73710.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73710.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105274.670359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105274.670359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105274.670359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105274.670359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              570.287326                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1026157151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1769236.467241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.867951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.419374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.046263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.867659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1215825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1215825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1215825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1215825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1215825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1215825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7754924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7754924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7754924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7754924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7754924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7754924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1215873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1215873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1215873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1215873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1215873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1215873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161560.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161560.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161560.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161560.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161560.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161560.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6245775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6245775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6245775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6245775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6245775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6245775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168804.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168804.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168804.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168804.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168804.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168804.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 8138                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              404461962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 8394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             48184.651179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.077089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.922911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.433895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.566105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3181378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3181378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1740831                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1740831                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4922209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4922209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4922209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4922209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        28693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        28693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3267039831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3267039831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      3040183                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3040183                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3270080014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3270080014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3270080014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3270080014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3210042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3210042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1740860                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1740860                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4950902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4950902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4950902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4950902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113977.108254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113977.108254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104833.896552                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104833.896552                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113967.867215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113967.867215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113967.867215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113967.867215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1470                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1470                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20555                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20555                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    854517334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    854517334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       847653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       847653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    855364987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    855364987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    855364987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    855364987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105119.612991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105119.612991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94183.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94183.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105107.518678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105107.518678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105107.518678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105107.518678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              552.048167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              915062878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1642841.791741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    25.984966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   526.063201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.041643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.843050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1244331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1244331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1244331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1244331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1244331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6788089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6788089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6788089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6788089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6788089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6788089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1244373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1244373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1244373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161621.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161621.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161621.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161621.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161621.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161621.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5304109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5304109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5304109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5304109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5304109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5304109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176803.633333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176803.633333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176803.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176803.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176803.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176803.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5747                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              204292960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 6003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             34031.810761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   183.601176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    72.398824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.717192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.282808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1850297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       338665                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338665                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          815                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          815                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2188962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        2188962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2188962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       2188962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        20121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20121                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        20121                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2189673316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2189673316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3876646                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3876646                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2193549962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2193549962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2193549962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2193549962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1870373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1870373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       338710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          815                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          815                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2209083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2209083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109069.202829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109069.202829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86147.688889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86147.688889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109017.939566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109017.939566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109017.939566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109017.939566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          648                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             648                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14374                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14374                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    587044232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    587044232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       646257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       646257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    587690489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    587690489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    587690489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    587690489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102308.161729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102308.161729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 71806.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71806.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102260.394815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102260.394815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102260.394815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102260.394815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              510.049015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              996790351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1931764.246124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    28.049015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.044950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1227905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1227905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1227905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1227905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1227905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1227905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6445161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6445161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6445161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6445161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6445161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6445161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1227948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1227948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1227948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1227948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1227948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1227948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149887.465116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149887.465116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149887.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149887.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149887.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149887.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5390571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5390571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5390571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5390571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5390571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5390571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158546.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158546.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158546.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158546.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158546.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158546.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              157692454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             27429.544964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   226.289740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    29.710260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.883944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.116056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       863601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        863601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       730633                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       730633                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1707                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1707                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1594234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1594234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1594234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1594234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        19568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        19568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2385790745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2385790745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     53781340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53781340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2439572085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2439572085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2439572085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2439572085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       882714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       882714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       731088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       731088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1707                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1707                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1613802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1613802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1613802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1613802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124825.550411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124825.550411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118200.747253                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118200.747253                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124671.508841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124671.508841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124671.508841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124671.508841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14075                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14075                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    551620731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    551620731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1287636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1287636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    552908367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    552908367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    552908367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    552908367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100734.245982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100734.245982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 75743.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75743.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100656.902785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100656.902785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100656.902785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100656.902785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              571.454999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1026157172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1769236.503448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    30.035247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   541.419752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.048133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.867660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1215846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1215846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1215846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1215846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1215846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1215846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7344283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7344283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7344283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7344283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7344283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7344283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1215893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1215893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1215893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1215893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1215893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1215893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156261.340426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156261.340426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156261.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156261.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156261.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156261.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5934954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5934954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5934954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5934954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5934954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5934954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160404.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160404.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160404.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160404.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160404.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160404.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 8120                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              404461172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 8376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             48288.105540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.082884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.917116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.433918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.566082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3180671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3180671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1740750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1740750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      4921421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        4921421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      4921421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       4921421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        28685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        28685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3274806153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3274806153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2616180                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2616180                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3277422333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3277422333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3277422333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3277422333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3209327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3209327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1740779                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1740779                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      4950106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4950106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      4950106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4950106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114279.946713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114279.946713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 90213.103448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90213.103448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114255.615583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114255.615583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114255.615583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114255.615583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20565                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20565                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    856128253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    856128253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       680700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       680700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    856808953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    856808953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    856808953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    856808953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105551.504500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105551.504500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 75633.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75633.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105518.343966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105518.343966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105518.343966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105518.343966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              487.061723                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              998617588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2029710.544715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    32.061723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.051381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1255068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1255068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1255068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1255068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1255068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7906073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7906073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7906073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7906073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7906073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7906073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1255116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1255116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1255116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164709.854167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164709.854167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164709.854167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164709.854167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164709.854167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164709.854167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6299073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6299073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6299073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6299073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6299073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6299073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170245.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170245.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170245.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170245.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170245.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170245.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3727                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              148107875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 3983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             37185.005021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   217.309364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    38.690636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.848865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.151135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       999232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       741592                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741592                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1740824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1740824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1740824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1740824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           62                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         9602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9602                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         9602                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1007371509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1007371509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5949606                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5949606                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1013321115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1013321115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1013321115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1013321115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1008772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       741654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1750426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1750426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1750426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1750426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105594.497799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105594.497799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95961.387097                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95961.387097                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105532.296917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105532.296917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105532.296917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105532.296917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    360435739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360435739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1248385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1248385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    361684124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    361684124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    361684124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    361684124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97126.310698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97126.310698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 78024.062500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78024.062500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97044.304803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97044.304803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97044.304803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97044.304803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              511.460555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              996790188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1920597.664740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    29.460555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.047212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1227742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1227742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1227742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1227742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1227742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1227742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7254036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7254036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7254036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7254036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7254036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7254036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1227789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1227789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1227789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1227789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1227789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1227789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154341.191489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154341.191489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154341.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154341.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154341.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154341.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5990660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5990660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5990660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5990660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5990660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5990660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161909.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161909.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161909.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161909.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161909.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161909.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5505                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              157693560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5761                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             27372.601979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   226.293353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    29.706647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.883958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.116042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       864744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        864744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       730596                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       730596                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1707                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1707                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1595340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1595340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1595340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1595340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        19445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        19445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2373097075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2373097075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     56053365                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     56053365                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2429150440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2429150440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2429150440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2429150440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       883734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       883734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       731051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       731051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1707                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1707                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1614785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1614785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1614785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1614785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124965.617430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124965.617430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123194.208791                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123194.208791                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124924.167652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124924.167652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124924.167652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124924.167652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1904                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1904                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13940                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13940                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    555588251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555588251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1483726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1483726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    557071977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    557071977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    557071977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    557071977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101255.376526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101255.376526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82429.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82429.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101193.819619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101193.819619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101193.819619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101193.819619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              486.696570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              998617662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2033844.525458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.696570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.050796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1255142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1255142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1255142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1255142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1255142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8184732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8184732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8184732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8184732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8184732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8184732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1255192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1255192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1255192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163694.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163694.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163694.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163694.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163694.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163694.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6170908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6170908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6170908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6170908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6170908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6170908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171414.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171414.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171414.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171414.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171414.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171414.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 3753                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              148107865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             36943.842604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   217.049635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    38.950365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.847850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.152150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       999581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       741244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1902                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1902                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1740825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1740825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1740825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1740825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         9722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         9722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1009686408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1009686408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8996016                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8996016                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1018682424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1018682424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1018682424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1018682424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1009188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       741359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1902                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1902                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1750547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1750547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1750547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1750547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000155                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105099.032789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105099.032789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 78226.226087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78226.226087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104781.158609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104781.158609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104781.158609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104781.158609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        23891                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        23891                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           97                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           97                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    360339222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360339222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1415344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1415344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    361754566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    361754566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    361754566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    361754566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96476.364659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96476.364659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 78630.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78630.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96390.771649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96390.771649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96390.771649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96390.771649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              553.314639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              915062691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1636963.669052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    27.366019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.948621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.043856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.842866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1244144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1244144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1244144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1244144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1244144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6632386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6632386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6632386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6632386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6632386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6632386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1244184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1244184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1244184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165809.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165809.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165809.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165809.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165809.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165809.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5376368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5376368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5376368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5376368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5376368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5376368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168011.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168011.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168011.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168011.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168011.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168011.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5740                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              204291880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             34071.360907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   185.901927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    70.098073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.726179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.273821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1849313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1849313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       338588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          793                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          793                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2187901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2187901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2187901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2187901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        20113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        20113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2201716210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2201716210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4203636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4203636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2205919846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2205919846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2205919846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2205919846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1869381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1869381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       338633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          793                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          793                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2208014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2208014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2208014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2208014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109712.787024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109712.787024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93414.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93414.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109676.321086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109676.321086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109676.321086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109676.321086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14373                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14373                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    588950375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    588950375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       736111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       736111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    589686486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    589686486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    589686486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    589686486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102765.725877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102765.725877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 81790.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81790.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102732.837282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102732.837282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102732.837282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102732.837282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              519.867053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1001249128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1907141.196190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    29.867053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.047864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1241079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1241079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1241079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1241079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1241079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7073883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7073883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7073883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7073883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7073883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7073883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1241125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1241125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1241125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153780.065217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153780.065217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153780.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153780.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153780.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153780.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5548388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5548388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5548388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5548388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5548388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5548388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158525.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158525.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158525.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158525.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158525.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158525.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 7320                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              166550709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 7576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             21983.990100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   228.292850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    27.707150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.891769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.108231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       859214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       710408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1656                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1656                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1569622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1569622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        18809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18809                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        18809                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2228251701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2228251701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7454722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7454722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2235706423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2235706423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2235706423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2235706423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       877932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       877932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       710499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1656                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1588431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1588431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1588431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1588431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119043.257880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119043.257880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 81920.021978                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81920.021978                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118863.651603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118863.651603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118863.651603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118863.651603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        11413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        11489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        11489                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11489                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    778893468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    778893468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       996666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       996666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    779890134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    779890134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    779890134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    779890134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106624.704723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106624.704723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66444.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66444.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106542.368033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106542.368033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106542.368033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106542.368033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              485.985307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              998617583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2029710.534553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    30.985307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.049656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.778823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1255063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1255063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1255063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1255063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1255063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7293512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7293512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7293512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7293512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7293512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7293512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1255109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1255109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1255109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158554.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158554.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158554.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158554.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158554.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158554.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5879389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5879389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5879389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5879389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5879389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5879389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158902.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158902.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158902.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158902.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158902.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158902.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 3739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              148107886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 3995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             37073.313141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   217.274781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    38.725219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.848730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.151270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       999445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       741407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1896                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1896                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1740852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1740852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1740852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1740852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           76                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         9609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         9609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1007358723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1007358723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6547977                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6547977                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1013906700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1013906700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1013906700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1013906700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1008978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       741483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1896                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1896                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1750461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1750461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1750461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1750461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105670.693696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105670.693696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86157.592105                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86157.592105                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105516.359663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105516.359663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105516.359663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105516.359663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    360637494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360637494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1264528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1264528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    361902022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    361902022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    361902022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    361902022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 96893.469640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96893.469640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        74384                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74384                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 96791.126504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96791.126504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 96791.126504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96791.126504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              506.839180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              995510370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1933029.844660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    31.839180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.051024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1247268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1247268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1247268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1247268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1247268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1247268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7407174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7407174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7407174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7407174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7407174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7407174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1247316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1247316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1247316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1247316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1247316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1247316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154316.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154316.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154316.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154316.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154316.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154316.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6259342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6259342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6259342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6259342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6259342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6259342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156483.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156483.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156483.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156483.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156483.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156483.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4015                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              151803694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35542.892531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   222.908279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    33.091721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.870735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.129265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       857136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        857136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       720084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       720084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1858                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1858                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1733                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1733                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1577220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1577220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1577220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1577220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        12902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12902                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        12902                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1525054916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1525054916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7236011                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7236011                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1532290927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1532290927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1532290927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1532290927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       869951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       869951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       720171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       720171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1858                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1858                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1733                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1733                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1590122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1590122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1590122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1590122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.014731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119005.455794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119005.455794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83172.540230                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83172.540230                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118763.829406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118763.829406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118763.829406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118763.829406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    399779036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    399779036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       972901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       972901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    400751937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    400751937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    400751937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    400751937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99944.759000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99944.759000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64860.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64860.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99813.682939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99813.682939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99813.682939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99813.682939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              552.340603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              915063072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1631128.470588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    26.392517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   525.948086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.042296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.842866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1244525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1244525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1244525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1244525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1244525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7128875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7128875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7128875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7128875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7128875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7128875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1244568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1244568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1244568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165787.790698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165787.790698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165787.790698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165787.790698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165787.790698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165787.790698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5914577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5914577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5914577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5914577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5914577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5914577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173958.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173958.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173958.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173958.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173958.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173958.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5746                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              204293254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 6002                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             34037.529823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   184.683392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    71.316608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.721420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.278580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1850446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       338828                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338828                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2189274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2189274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        20103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        20103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2187037137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2187037137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      3834521                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3834521                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2190871658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2190871658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2190871658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2190871658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1870504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1870504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       338873                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338873                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2209377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2209377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109035.653455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109035.653455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 85211.577778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85211.577778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108982.323932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108982.323932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108982.323932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108982.323932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    586365090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    586365090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       630416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       630416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    586995506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    586995506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    586995506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    586995506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102207.615478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102207.615478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 70046.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70046.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102157.240863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102157.240863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102157.240863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102157.240863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              521.410903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001248817                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1903514.861217                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    31.410903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.050338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1240768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1240768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1240768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1240768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1240768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1240768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7210185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7210185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7210185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7210185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7210185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7210185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1240814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1240814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1240814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1240814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1240814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1240814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156743.152174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156743.152174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156743.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156743.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156743.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156743.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5881562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5881562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5881562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5881562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5881562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5881562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163376.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163376.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163376.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163376.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163376.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163376.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 7339                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166550902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 7595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             21929.019355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   228.304485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    27.695515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.891814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.108186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       859608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       710131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2003                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2003                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1569739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1569739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        18841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18841                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        18841                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2230657550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2230657550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7753591                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7753591                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2238411141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2238411141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2238411141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2238411141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       878362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       710218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         2003                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2003                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1588580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1588580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1588580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1588580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118943.028154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118943.028154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 89121.735632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89121.735632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118805.325673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118805.325673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118805.325673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118805.325673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11501                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11501                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    783690809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    783690809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1084988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1084988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    784775797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    784775797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    784775797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    784775797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106988.506348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106988.506348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 72332.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72332.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106917.683515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106917.683515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106917.683515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106917.683515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              553.433876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              915062863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1636963.976744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    27.370835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.063041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.043864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.843050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1244316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1244316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1244316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1244316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1244316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6678963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6678963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6678963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6678963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6678963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6678963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1244356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1244356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1244356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 166974.075000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166974.075000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 166974.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166974.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 166974.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166974.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5567199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5567199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5567199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5567199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5567199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5567199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173974.968750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173974.968750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173974.968750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173974.968750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173974.968750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173974.968750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5751                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              204292428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             34009.060762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   183.716320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    72.283680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.717642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.282358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1849689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1849689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       338752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2188441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        2188441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2188441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       2188441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        20145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        20145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2195392396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2195392396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4846340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4846340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2200238736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2200238736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2200238736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2200238736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1869789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1869789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       338797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2208586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2208586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2208586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2208586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109223.502289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109223.502289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107696.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107696.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109220.091139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109220.091139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109220.091139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109220.091139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14394                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14394                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    588666567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    588666567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       834075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       834075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    589500642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    589500642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    589500642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    589500642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102519.429990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102519.429990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        92675                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        92675                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102504.023996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102504.023996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102504.023996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102504.023996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
